2	Subject: be your own private eye online internet investigator - new for 2002 - internet software for online investigations find out anything about anyone online uncover information about : enemies , debtors , neighbors , friends , employees , co - workers , your boss , yourself , associates , former school or military buddies , even a new love interest . become an internet investigator and explore an exciting new world of valuable information . with internet investigator you can investigate : people , credit records , social security numbers , employment records , school records , criminal records , driving records , addresses , phone numbers ( even some unlisted ) , hidden assets , family trees and a whole lot more ! click here for more information unsubscribe instructions this message is a commercial advertisement . it is in full compliance with all federal and state laws regarding email advertising , including the california business and professions code . we have provided opt out email contact so you can request to be taken off our mailing list . in addition we have placed adv : in the subject line to provide you with notification in advance that this is a commercial advertisement . we do not wish to send our advertising to anyone who does not wish to receive it . if you would rather not receive any further information from us , please click to be taken off our list . in this way you can opt - out from the list your email address was obtained from , whether it was opt - in or otherwise . please allow 5 - 10 business days for your email address to beprocessed and taken offall lists in our control . meanwhile , delete any duplicate emails that you may receive and rest assured that your request will be honored . if you have previously requested to be taken off this list and are still receiving this advertisement , you may call us at 1 - ( 888 ) 817 - 9902 , or write to : abuse control center , 7657 winnetka ave . , suite 245 , canoga park , ca 91306  
2	Subject: spam mail warning notification ! ( attachment removal ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * emanager notification * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the following mail was blocked since it contains sensitive content . source mailbox : destination mailbox ( es ) : cva @ urjc . es policy : attachment removal attachment file name : your _ document . pif - application / octet - stream action : replaced with text por motivos de seguridad , los ficheros con extensión com , exe , bat , pif , scr y cpl han sido eliminados del correo . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * end of message * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: hi paliourg all pills here . everything here . operate odu carroll hi paliourg , your comfort and convenience is our prime concern . once your application is filled out and approved by one of our doctors , the medication will arrive at your home or office in discreet packaging . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban most trusted name brands . all we can give , all you can get . now . we ship worldwide please copy and paste this link into your browser wonderfulmeds . biz best regards , adan reed  
2	Subject: re : how many bcf are you at now this year ? we are at 196 . 5 bcfs , and origination of $ 4 . 3 million . we don ' t have " mini - books " to calculate our mark to market , but we ' ll have it ready this morning for you . by the way , we closed a financial zinc deal , with galvak ( alfa group ) , in which we made around $ 75 k . the customer bought a fixed price and a tunnel , for a total of 45 , 600 tons . we negotiated it with enron metals ( london group ) , and it was back - to - backed with ena . best regards . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , september 30 , 2001 10 : 32 pm to : williams , jaime subject : how many bcf are you at now this year ? and mtm 
2	Subject: hi mrs . vorke idaho plot 13 victoria garden city , lagos , nigeria . . fax : 234 - 9 - 92722361 email : emeidaho 505 @ netscape . net introduction : my name is mrs . vorke idaho . i know this proposal will come to you as a surprise because we have not met before either physically or through any correspondence . i have no doubt in your ability to handle this proposal involving huge sum of money on my family ’ s behalf . the subject : my husband chief joseph omoruyi idaho ( now late ) was the royal head of my community , jesse ( an oil rich town ) in nigeria . my late husband ’ s community produces 0 . 5 % of the total crude oil production in nigeria and 0 . 05 % of the dollar value of each barrel is paid to my husband as royalty by the federal government through the nigerian national petroleum corporation nnpc . my husband was also the chairman of ompadec now nddc , jesse branch . in his position as the royal head and chairman of the ompadec , jesse branch , he made some money , which he left , for our children and myself as the only thing to inherit . the money is twelve million us dollars ( $ 12 m ) . though this said fund accumulated between the periods 1982 - 1997 . due to poor banking system in nigeria and political instability as a result of past military rules ( 1985 - 1999 ) , he deposited this money in the suspense account of the nigerian national petroleum corporation nnpc with an open beneficiary in the central bank of nigeria cbn pending when he would finish arrangement to transfer it abroad as a contract payment . he was planning this when he died late last year of heart attack . the proposal : just before my husband died he called my attention to the money and charged me to look for a foreigner who would assist me in the transfer / investment of the funds abroad . so l would be very grateful if you could accept to help me achieve this great objective . i promise to give you 20 % of the total funds transferred to your vital bank account as compensation for your assistance . five percent ( 5 % ) would be set aside to take care of all expenses we may incur during the transaction . to indicate your interest , contact me urgently and confidentially for more information and the roles you will play in this business . all the legal information concerning this money will be sent to you as soon as we agree and get this transaction started . send your reply through this mailbox , or see the note below yours faithfully , mrs . vorke idaho . n . b i will like you to provide me immediately with your full names , telephone and fax numbers to enable my eldest son emeke idaho to contact you . he will handle this transaction from beginning to completion on behalf of the entire family . alternatively you can call him on his telephone numbers 234 - 1 - 7760637 or fax number above . ask him for the code and he shall respond goodluck before discussion . just to be sure that you are speaking to him . 
2	Subject: i took some pictures of me , i want to show you . long time since you had it right : feeling sad . this would make you happy ; your paypal account miss coker to ^ take ^ _ off : baggage sinew argumentation owens bedevil assuage collapsible intervenor shawnee cumberland wyman vestigial curriculum consternate all spiro pericles plushy autotransformer ear baseplate servant candidacy phonograph quarantine g diehard brown shirley awhile ryder emboss crystallography predominate variegate radiotelephone bypath doorman gypsum stealth atropos silo stuff alison huntsville billboard dieldrin eisenhower advisor carolina oocyte clinging debauchery isabella fried culvert scotsman alice barth doubleton leeway scherzo hoofmark anomalous hugh callisto airstrip liquor deathward fleck u ' s waterfront canopy meaningful bridgewater overhang propos aplomb nearsighted denounce intestate breton largemouth beaten 
2	Subject: el paso open season results / more stuff i ' ve been provided a bootleg copy of the results of the el paso open season . here ' s the most interesting thing . . . el paso waived its right of first refusal under the one year deal done last year , and participated with everyone else in the open season . accordingly , they were allocated capacity along with everyone else . remember , all these deals were [ supposedly ] done at epng ' s max rates . there were approx . 30 successful bidders , and their bids were for various term lengths . here are the more significant awards : burlington - 7 , 000 ceg energy options - 37 , 800 coral - 15 , 000 duke - 212 , 000 dynegy - 56 , 500 el paso merchant - 277 , 000 ena - 254 , 000 mgi supply ( pemex ) - 38 , 000 oxy - 19 , 000 pg & e ( et al . ) - 151 , 000 smud - 10 , 000 sempra trading - 6 , 500 socal - 19 , 000 texaco - 58 , 500 williams - 11 , 500 here ' s the other epng news flash . . . apparently , epng is telling shippers to be on the lookout for an announcement next week of another open season to guage shippers interest in a major expansion of its system . i ' m assuming at this point this project will include the all american pipeline asset . i ' m also now told that the kern river expansion may be much larger than what we were led to believe a couple of weeks ago . we heard earlier that they were looking at doing a 500 mmcf / d expansion that would include the 124 mmcf / d expansion already sold . new information suggests that the 500 mmcf / d expansion may be significantly understated , and volumes may approach 700 - 800 mmcf / d . the expansion would include not only compression , but would involve additional pipe , and would not be rolled into existing rates , but would be an incrementally priced project . 
2	Subject: millipede gët thë lowëst pricë avaliablë , you dësërvë it ! joìn tëns of thousânds of customërs who sâfëly , convënìëntly , ând dìscrëëtly ordër prëscrìptìon mëdìcâtìon ìncludìng wëìght loss / dìët pìll mëdìcâtìons , skìn cârë , bìrth control , musclë rëlâxânts , hìgh lëvël pâìn rëlìëf , ânxìëty , prëscrìptìon slëëpìng âìds , ântì - dëprëssânt mëdìcâtìons ând morë . click here to see why were the cheapest , and best .  
2	Subject: the database that bill gates doesnt want you to know about ! ! ! ! ! important notice : regarding your domain name * if you own a . com / . net / . org , you are advised to register your . ws " web site " domain before someone else takes it forever . * major corporations such as yahoo , att & intel , have all registered their . ws " web site " domains for their company names as well as all their trademarks , to protect them forever . * . ws " web site " domains are in 180 + countries worldwide * availability for . ws is ~ 88 % compared to ~ 24 % for . com we thought you ' d find the article on . ws below interesting . if you want more information on where to register . ws " web site " domains , and how to get a discount on multiple registrations , contact us at http : / / www . netleads . ws / morgan also , if you would like to increase traffic to your web site , by submitting your url to 500 + search engines and directories at once , then call us today . sincerely , joe & stacy morgan + 1 . 888 . 660 . 0625 internet names , llc . # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # news release : . ws ( website ) domains strikes landmark deal : gdi receives $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to 311 " premium " . ws domain names . - - - last week , gdi ( global domains international , inc . ) , the registry for . ws " web site " domains , closed a deal with a large publicly traded company , one of the biggest players in the . com arena , and received payment in full of $ 2 , 250 , 860 for the rights to a select group of " premium " . ws domain names . the 311 domain names will be resold to the highest bidders and ultimately developed into substantial . ws web sites , giving . ws even more publicity down the road . to be be removed http : / / www . netleads . ws / remove 
2	Subject: status of sundace b ppa john & louise , i can imagine that both of you are very busy but i thought i would drop you a quick line updating you on the status of the sundance b ppa . we received the necessary consents to split the ppa into two from both transalta and the balancing pool last week . we expect the regulation enabling the split to be passed by the government during the week of november 12 , 2001 thereby forming two units ppa ' s effective as of that date . don miller and his team are prepared to smile and dial on monday october 29 , 2001 thereby contacting the list of identified customers and initiating the process . i will send you a timeline shortly outlining the entire process from start to finish . if you have any qustions please call me . derek 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / vanai . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . vanai . com / z . php 
2	Subject: associate / analyst super saturday participation - additional request additional interviewer participation is requested for october 28 & november 4 . also , please note the school / date changes ( in red ) . this change was necessary due to the number of candidates participating in super saturday . if you have a change in your participation as a result of the date change , please contact john harrison , ext . 3 - 7811 for revisions . thank you shelly jones enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain and clear lake , lsu december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s - friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon yale off - cycle candidates thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: envision meeting structures and way forwards sally as discussed beth / brent you may be interested in how the original idea has moved on - progress ? ! mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 04 / 04 / 2001 16 : 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve whitaker 30 / 03 / 2001 12 : 33 to : diccon vokins / eu / enron @ enron , stephen lally / eu / enron @ enron , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , anna mcandrew / eu / enron @ enron , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , raewyn perkins / lon / ect @ ect , rod sayers / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , paul bromley / eu / enron @ enron , melissa allen / lon / ect @ ect , buddy aiken / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , james sandt / lon / ect @ ect , peter hutton / eu / enron @ enron , graham dunbar / lon / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , ect london strategic initiatives subject : envision meeting structures and way forwards at the last envision project meeting the following presentation was given and agreed in principal as the way we will take things forwards . whilst the names within each area have to be confirmed and agreed i thought that it would be useful to circulate this as many of you will be impacted . i will be communicating this further over the next few days , but if you have any immediate questions please feel free to contact me . regards steve ( 35266 ) 
2	Subject: message subject goodbye  
2	Subject: message subject % rnd _ ad _ 1 % rnd _ ad _ 2 plus : % rnd _ all _ other _ meds % rnd _ ad _ 3 enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: personals : do you know how to make me feel good sat , 05 feb 2005 19 : 58 : 42 + 0500 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable message - id : ip 2 j 59 n 8063 c 596 v 8 m 6 n 30 pd 656 e 4 r 9 nbh @ nccn . net centera href  3 dhttp : / / conjectural . pokerunner . com / 575 r . htmlimg src  3 d  brbrbrbr centera href  3 dhttp : / / warplane . pokerunner . com / nothanks . phpgoodbye / a  / center brbrbrbr refection myoglobinbred rare queryfoyer grey intimalhereof chlorate rachmaninoffcorcoran carl grimmbluebush almighty messieursi ' m crush sept captivatebrighten sat washoutcameron  
2	Subject: affordable software crisptaketh top quality software stripped from it ' s exp . ensive extra ' s gives you the low . est possible prlce - guaranted ! see details here windows xp professional office xp professional microsoft windows 2000 ms money 2004 adobe photoshop norton antivirus sql server visual studio linux n many more . . make a sav . ing - buy oem software low . est prices - original software bu . y here - discontinue married w pageant chalky acquaintance zen suck alfredo desperado abridgment misshapen idiomatic centigrade bethesda longtime lope assume daimler doberman surfactant coot homeostasis concierge highboy rancho classificatory strung chromatogram dominican chantilly up hirsch desiderata parallelepiped tighten awoke vermont resemblant source bromide iridium deform escadrille usher biltmore chugging afternoon throes booky crackle quonset raid acquire catchy inflammable votive damnation succubus carolingian alsatian forbes geographer acquisition manifold colloquia honeybee miscellaneous succubus magnanimity pasteboard tsarina swish parch harvey revelry pleistocene persiflage inappropriate conflagration danielson autonomy constructible condition walgreen decompose portal aphorism appoint wood peafowl greer cerebral individuate annulled lycopodium sabra gemini mitre inroad pedigree bitt bedtime bran coat troika irritate connoisseur elgin goodrich highhanded prolusion shoot axiology binocular swarthmore inferring steam transmissible motet puddingstone lark refract dressy pretty manatee wrestle genii karachi contralto leaflet synthetic binary scrutable priory enos resourceful backgammon lew runt crime infight sidewise padlock outermost nagy carroll comprise cacti dewar backhand blutwurst frivolous squeeze poodle chuckwalla slocum cutesy emerson paunchy newlywed academician berman latent robust nicholls barbiturate clipboard sagacious basal draw catharsis reticulum postoperative faustus laocoon acadia east hinduism protagonist mayfair gustave federate moderate isolate eagan pakistani pentecostal midmorn appointee captious kenney blatant barbell ejaculate codfish worm stand wintertime rut aile five refuge stanhope bindle coat sluggish nicholson troop aggrieve alter collocation solo grubby brushy tektite boon opacity schofield presto constrict slaughter hertz spectrograph crystallographer aegean doorknob tenebrous deputation inure barnacle salesian wotan fawn hydrometer rollick lucius audience dostoevsky bindle distortion fictitious obstruct systemization accumulate carrara shameface steroid lyra caribou corpuscular schuyler give periphrastic repetitious muskmelon cockeye ruminate stump ear monopoly adam parliamentarian crunch rise antoine directorate burgher noah patrice innate effie cityscape slurp blaine hough downdraft analyses voltaire architectural deficit phillips roadbed brusque electric celerity desirous mausoleum dye faraday sweater added adroit natchez auspicious spectator chit boggy aristotelean amoral thuggee czar grievous montana risky analysis haven ' t archaic cladophora gherkin accentual crosshatch araby quit decorticate adrienne admitting captivate genus fallacy conjugal epiphany stench arequipa warp ligget conferred atlantica psychotherapist sinful imbue bavaria mane slack blown cutthroat bonus salamander freight profane trapezoid fenton dailey mispronunciation cohen neonate tampon hobbes squeak blab dictate airline search anarch sociable hone duluth mature chin feldspar classify cheat respite ulster juridic minot sweater apace springtime mynheer sensible committeemen checkbook falsehood holt aries siliceous bartok cook cesare impersonate pineapple bridle assess martin banister recherche bismarck chen heavy shutout nutrient cosh umber instinct churchillian raceway redcoat oldsmobile cheesecake audiovisual debra draftsman oratoric counterexample forgive mennonite raj deathward senior airman dross nutrient earth antagonism lexicography awoke promethium caution tipple betatron lipstick cahoot sophie claret nihilism dominic ingenious begrudge chiton climb copperfield cup crosshatch den compost butterfly hypodermic growth stag casual giveaway inflammation megawatt usurer artie mute lomb almond septillion fastidious saliva vascular cohort angelic spurge downwind ingenuity spurge alden riot dogmatism claude itinerary swart talc express goddess stagy languish treat hunt lila bimonthly episodic forfend viennese scant embouchure meringue dusenbury davenport turntable philharmonic meier peugeot dearth mcgovern tutu barber encephalitis comptroller incantation ministerial absentminded matrices steprelation mortal western influence bellboy aires behest assurance complacent redstone fbi  
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : enron seen facing long road to restore confidence . reuters english news service , 10 / 17 / 01 usa : update 1 - rto seen key to boosting new england power supply . reuters english news service , 10 / 17 / 01 enron seeks replacement for aga ' s gas storage report dow jones energy service , 10 / 17 / 01 financial post : news earnings : a few bright spots in the shadows yesterday ' s earnings national post , 10 / 17 / 01 bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 enron faces questions over limited partnerships , wsj reports bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 usa : enron seen facing long road to restore confidence . by andrew kelly 10 / 17 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 17 ( reuters ) - enron corp . moved in the right direction by releasing more detailed financial data and tackling problems at peripheral businesses , but the energy giant still has a way to go to make wall street happy , analysts said wednesday . enron , north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity , reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years on tuesday . the company took $ 1 . 01 billion in charges and writedowns on ill - fated investments , measures enron executives said credit rating agencies were comfortable with . ubs warburg analyst ronald barone said on wednesday he was " not thrilled " by the announcement during a conference call to discuss third - quarter earnings . and for good reason . moody ' s investors service subsequently issued a statement saying it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade . " there appears to be much more work ahead before the lingering credibility issues that have vexed this company in the past are fully resolved , " barone said . the writedowns on poorly performing assets and a more detailed breakdown of the company ' s operations went some way to appeasing wall street after a tumultuous year in which enron ' s stock lost about two - thirds of its value , but analysts said they were not about to let enron off the hook just yet . bear stearns analyst robert winters said he remained concerned about enron ' s quality of earnings and cash flow . winters said he believed enron would have liked to take even bigger charges and writedowns , but was unable to do so without putting its credit ratings at risk , which could adversely affect some of the company ' s financing arrangements . " problem assets and overvalued assets on the balance sheet remain , particularly overseas , " he said . one such asset is enron ' s 65 percent stake , valued at $ 1 billion , in the dabhol power plant project in india , which has been stalled because of a long - running payments dispute with its only customer , a local utility company . enron ' s stock closed down $ 1 . 64 , or 4 . 85 percent , at $ 32 . 20 on wednesday . for the year to date the stock is down about 61 percent , underperforming the standard & poor ' s utilities index , which has fallen some 24 percent over the same period . enron was a wall street favorite last year when its stock posted a gain of 87 percent , driven by enthusiasm for the company ' s broadband plans and the success of its enrononline internet energy and commodity trading platform . but the stock has fallen sharply this year as sentiment toward broadband soured , new chief executive jeff skilling resigned after just six months in the job and wrangling continued over the dabhol power plant project . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - rto seen key to boosting new england power supply . by scott disavino 10 / 17 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 17 ( reuters ) - energy companies said the future development of new power plants and transmission lines in the u . s . northeast hinges , in part , on setting up a northeast regional transmission organization ( rto ) . rtos are predominantly for - profit groups established to bring all of a region ' s high - voltage transmission lines under central control while ensuring equal access to the lines to all power suppliers seeking to market their goods across the grid . the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) , which oversees the interstate wholesale power market , believes rtos will benefit consumers by enhancing competition among power providers , in turn improving service and driving down rates . " if ferc can drive the northeast rto to closure in a reasonable period of time , it will accelerate the development of new transmission and generation , " enron corp . ' s managing director of global government affairs , rick shapiro , told reuters . houston - based enron is the nation ' s top energy marketer . " how and when the rto gets implemented will radically impact the market . it ' s crucial to the development of the market in new england , " mirant corp . spokesman ray long told reuters . energy provider mirant , of atlanta , has 1 , 400 megawatts ( mw ) of generation in new england . the company is currently adding another 700 mw to its canal station in massachusetts . " once we get the permits for canal , we will reassess whether to proceed with the project . a big part of that assessment will depend on the rto process , " long said . the northeast rto ferc wants to see four super - regional rtos created in the u . s . - in the northeast , midwest , southeast and west . several regions have taken long strides toward developing rtos , including a not - for - profit model proposed in the midwest and rival for - profit plans vying for ferc approval in the west . ferc chairman patrick wood , seeking to spur the development of rtos , favors giving utilities until dec . 15 to join one or forfeit their right to sell electricity in the wholesale market , though the commission has not voted on this plan . the northeast rto will include new england , new york , the pennsylvania - new jersey - maryland ( pjm ) region and possibly parts of eastern canada . ferc said it wants the northeast rto to be built on the pjm market platform and to include the best practices of the new england and new york markets . pjm interconnection , which operates the power grid in parts of pennsylvania , new jersey , maryland , delaware , virginia and washington , d . c . , is the nation ' s only fully functioning rto . " the process ferc set in place to establish one rto in pjm , new york and new england is going to get us where we need to be in terms of having a vibrant wholesale market , " long said . long said mirant determined a single northeast rto would save more than $ 440 million annually by eliminating the " artificial borders that now exist between new york , new england and pjm . " an administrative law judge , acting as a mediator for ferc , considered three proposals for creating the northeast rto . the three plans were proposed by interested parties , including mirant and enron , and the region ' s grid operators - the new york independent system operator ( iso ) in new york , iso new england in new england and pjm . last month , the judge asked the ferc to decide who will govern the northeast rto and what the timetable is to put the plan in place . the judge favored a plan put forward by the new york iso and iso new england . " if ferc implements the rto plan proposed by pjm in 2003 , consumers could save $ 1 . 5 billion . . . $ 440 million a year . . . over the new york / new england plan , which would not be implemented until 2006 , " long said . under the pjm plan , pjm would overlay its current market model across the entire region , while adopting some of the best practices of the other markets . " although nothing is perfect , pjm is widely accepted as the best market in the region . new york and new england , which are younger markets , are still works in progress with some bugs to work out , " enron ' s shapiro said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron seeks replacement for aga ' s gas storage report 10 / 17 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9207 ; michael . rieke @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post : news earnings : a few bright spots in the shadows yesterday ' s earnings national post 10 / 17 / 2001 national post national fp 2 ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . maytag corp . reported a third - quarter net loss of us $ 29 . 7 - million yesterday , but said sales of its maytag and amana home appliances exceeded forecasts . net income excluding charges was us 45 cents a share . delphi automotive systems corp . said third - quarter profit fell 82 % . third - quarter profit was us $ 26 - million , ( us 5 cents ) , a drop from us $ 148 - million ( us 26 cents ) in the third quarter of 2000 . revenue was us $ 6 . 23 - billion , down 6 % . enron corp . posted a third - quarter net loss as it chopped away at a tangled balance sheet with us $ 1 . 01 - billion in charges , offsetting strong returns from its core wholesale trading and marketing division . before charges profit was up 35 % . enron reported a net loss of us $ 638 - million ( us 84 cents ) , compared with year - earlier net income of us $ 271 - million , ( us 34 cents ) . netgraphe inc . , a montreal - based internet company , reported higher revenue and a reduced operating loss for its first quarter . but its net loss , which included depreciation , unusual items and amortization of goodwill related to acquisitions , rose to $ 11 . 7 - million , up from $ 10 . 97 - million . netgraphe is the online division of quebecor inc . tellabs inc . , a telecommunications equipment maker , reported a third - quarter plunge as revenue fell by half . the illinois - based company ' s results , including charges of us $ 60 - million , fell to a loss of us $ 49 . 47 - million ( usl 2 cents ) , compared with a profit of us $ 187 . 3 - million ( us 45 cents ) last year . cott corp . , the world ' s largest supplier of store - brand soft drinks , reported a 40 % rise in third - quarter profit , as beverage volumes soared nearly 25 % . for the quarter ended sept . 29 , toronto - based cott , with annual sales of nearly us $ 1 - billion last year , said it made a profit of us $ 11 . 1 - million ( usl 6 cents ) up from a profit of us $ 7 . 9 - million ( usl 2 cents ) in the previous year ' s quarter . sales during the quarter rose 15 % to us $ 302 . 5 - million from us $ 263 . 5 - million in the year - ago period . kraft foods inc . saw earnings rise 24 % in the third quarter , its second as a public company . it earned us $ 522 - million ( us 30 cents ) , compared with us $ 420 - million ( us 24 cents ) on a pro - forma basis , a year ago . revenue slipped to us $ 8 . 06 - billion from us $ 8 . 11 - billion a year earlier . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says 2001 - 10 - 17 16 : 09 ( new york ) bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says washington , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - president george w . bush will nominate joseph kelliher , a policy adviser to u . s . energy secretary spencer abraham , to fill the open seat on the federal energy regulatory commission , the white house said . if the senate approves kelliher , a former republican counsel for the house energy and commerce committee , the commission will have its full five members for the first time since pat wood , bush ' s first ferc appointee , became chairman sept . 1 . ` ` i hope they speed him through the process , ' ' said commissioner nora brownell , a republican who was appointed by bush earlier this year . ` ` he is a thoughtful person who knows how to work through issues . ' ' kelliher ' s nomination comes as the commission has pledged to closely monitor and investigate abuses in the electricity and natural gas markets and promote competition . in the next month or so , it is due to choose which groups will run the electric power grid around the country , an important step in deregulating the nation ' s power markets . a former power industry lobbyist , kelliher would fill the opening left by the departure of curt hebert , a republican appointed by president bill clinton and named chairman by bush . hebert left the commission aug . 31 to join entergy corp . after the white house made it clear bush planned to make wood the chairman . with kelliher , ferc will have three republicans and two democrats . ` ` kelliher will be a valuable final addition to the team now working actively to finish the transition to truly competitive and dynamic power markets , ' ' said the electric power supply association , which represents competitive power sellers such as enron corp . the commission is responsible for ensuring fair wholesale electricity and natural gas prices . energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales 2001 - 10 - 17 14 : 59 ( new york ) energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales washington , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - federal regulators are considering changes to wholesale price caps on electricity in california and 10 western states , which power producers hope will allow them to charge more when supplies in the region are tight . the federal energy regulatory commission plans a public conference oct . 29 to discuss altering the pricing formula . the commission established caps in april and june , after skyrocketing electricity costs led to insolvency for california ' s largest utilities , units of pg & e corp . and edison international . ` ` we have heard and understand that people do think the solution was very california - centric , and it was , ' ' ferc chairman pat wood said , indicating changes in the formula are likely . ` ` but california ' s needs were very urgent at the time . ' ' while commissioners declined to say what they would be willing to change about the pricing formula , they want to fine - tune the caps before the winter , which is the peak period of demand and may yet cause another jump in prices , wood said . changes could be made next month . the current pricing formula is based on the most - expensive power generated in california . enron corp . , sierra pacific resources and other sellers of power to california want the formula to consider costs from all generators in the region . enron blamed the formula for a july 2 blackout in nevada , when sellers withheld supply because local prices were too low based on the highest cost of supply then being offered in california . lower power costs though the cost of wholesale power in california has dropped since the commission ordered the first emergency cap on april 25 , wood said the western states may face another shortage of power and high prices this winter . the pacific northwest depends on hydropower for much of its energy needs , and rainfall has been below normal this year . part of the shortfall in power last year and early this year was the result of a drought that reduced power available from dams . ` ` i remain concerned about that part of the country , ' ' wood said . ` ` it has not been raining a whole lot out there . ' ' the average price for a megawatt - hour at the california - oregon border in september was $ 24 . 91 , down from $ 313 . 70 in april . a megawatt - hour is enough electricity to power about 750 average california homes for an hour . on the agenda for this month ' s conference is a proposal to link the formula to the price of natural gas , a fuel used in many generating plants . ` ` i ' m not predisposed for or against specific changes , ' ' said ferc commissioner nora brownell . the oct . 29 conference will help the commission determine aspects of the price control that the parties involved agree are working and those that are not , she said . surcharge in a related matter , the commission also may halt the 10 percent surcharge it permits generators to charge in california to cover the costs of collecting bad debt . the insolvent california utilities now have plans to pay off their debts . for power sellers in the west , the current price caps often require utilities to sell their excess power at a loss , enron , sierra pacific and other marketers said in statements to the commission . they said the price they sometimes pay for power is higher than the cost of supply from the most - expensive producer in california . ` ` the determination of the proxy price should not be limited to california generators , ' ' enron said in a government filing . it should be ` ` determined by the least - efficient generator in the entire west . ' ' power marketers also should be allowed to recover ` ` justifiable costs above the proxy prices , ' ' enron wrote . california officials had demanded the price controls after pg & e ' s pacific gas & electric and edison ' s southern california edison racked up more than $ 14 billion in power - buying losses . the caps were extended to other western states - - oregon , washington , arizona , nevada , wyoming , new mexico , colorado , montana , idaho and utah - - in june because some said generators in the west could simply get around the cap by selling outside california when prices were higher elsewhere . the caps don ' t expire until sept . 30 , 2002 , though they can be changed . california said before the price cap was extended to other states that it sometimes had to outbid buyers in neighboring states at prices above the caps to buy enough electricity to avoid blackouts . on july 2 , sierra pacific cut supplies to 10 , 000 customers for 45 minutes when temperatures soared and three power plants were idled . it couldn ' t buy 50 megawatts of power in the spot market , partly because of suppliers ' concerns with the federal cap , company spokesman paul heagan said at the time . enron faces questions over limited partnerships , wsj reports 2001 - 10 - 17 10 : 11 ( new york ) houston , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is facing questions over agreements with two limited partnerships run by its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , the wall street journal reported . fastow set up ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp with the approval of enron ' s board . the partnerships have engaged in billions of dollars of complex hedging transactions with enron involving company assets and enron stock , the paper said . it isn ' t clear from u . s . securities and exchange commission filings what enron received in return . enron said about $ 35 million of its $ 1 . 01 billion charge reported yesterday was connected with the partnerships and involves the ` ` early termination . . . of certain structured finance arrangements , ' ' the paper said . chief executive officer kenneth lay said in an earlier interview that related transactions involving top managers aren ' t unusual , the paper said . according to the arrangement , the general partner , made up of fastow and at least one other enron employee , received a management fee of as much as 2 percent annually of the total amount invested , the paper said , citing the ljm 2 offering document . fastow declined to comment , the paper said . 
2	Subject: interview follow up from susan v . gonzalez nov . 2 , 2000 ? michael roberts , vice president , reseach stinson gibner , vice president , reseach vincent kaminsik , managing director , research enron corp . ? gentlemen , thank you for the opportunity to learn about a new communication position within your group . ? ? based on our discussions , here are some initial thoughts / observations on the job and the task . ? * daily email newsletter for primarily two audiences : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 1 . ? internal for employees available via the enron intranet ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 2 . ? external for clients , industry at large ? * also suggest the newsletter be sent to a targeted group of trade press . ? as this information tool builds momentum and credibility , it will support the leadership positioning of ? enron ' s trading group . ? ? plus , it could become a driver for media inquiries and ? requests for further information or interviews with enron ? trading experts . ? * i heard you wanting internal and external versions for both morning and afternoon distribution . ? ? that is an aggressive set of daily mailings . i would want to review the scope of the content and look at the frequency . ? just like print publications , ? email newsletters are ? now the rage and too many are ? landing in the email inboxes . ? ? my counsel would be to start with a manageable number and do it well . ? you can always increase frequency . ? difficult to cut back on frequency without it appearing as a take away or lack of commitment to the product . staffing ? ? ? * invite outside industry analysts or clients to provide commentary . ? * consider developing an " editorial advisory board " to govern the content . ? ? traders , ? legal department , communications dept . a multidisciplinary group that ? can add value to the publication . ? * suggest finding an ims or it resource from within enron to be assigned to this communications effort . ? ? database set up for the email addresses , technical issues arise ? for ? creating the links etc . ? managing an e - newsletter in my current position , i can ? tell you that a writer / editor has enough to do to compile content . ? ? you want mailings to go off without any glitches . ? or if there are glitches , he or she can ? solve quickly . ? what are the implications of these mailings on the company ' s computer systems ? ? ? * budget . ? although not a typical print publication , this effort should have a budget . ? graphics , freelance or contract writing , photography ? any special software or hardware needs associated with this effort ? ? ? * review process . ? what is the review process for ? this publication . ? legal guidelines ? ? corporate guidelines with regards to style , graphics etc . ? ? technical review of the material for accuracy ? ? a clear policy should be established ? up front for the review process so everyone involved knows and understands their role and responsibilities ? towards this communication effort . ? * have you surveyed what is out in the marketplace ? ? ? gather samples of ? newsletters that you like or don ' t like for discussion purposes . ? * measurement / evaluation of the newsletter . ? ? how ? will the effectiveness of the newsletter be measured ? ? hits on the website . ? inquiries from clients ? ? don ' t have a quick answer but ? some goals should be set to measure against . ? * maintenace of the mailing lists should reside with the individual groups participating in the newsletter . ? ? maintenance of the newsletter databases should not be the responsibility of the communications representative . ? ? ? ? this sent to you in the spirit of exploring the position further . ? look forward to your feedback . ? ? thank you for your consideration . ? ? sincerely , susan v . gonzalez 11822 poplar creek houston , tx ? 77077 ( 281 ) 497 - 7185 home ( 281 ) 877 - 5853 work 
2	Subject: wti model stinson , this is the latest wti model for open - close trading . zimin 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : twistersoffice @ qwest . net ( generated from info @ twisterburritos . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mpls - cmx - 07 . inet . qwest . net [ 63 . 226 . 138 . 7 ] : 554 mail server permanently rejected message ( # 5 . 3 . 0 ) - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 217 . 96 . 160 . 142 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by serverl 050 . gisol . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 50 ) id ldupmn - 0000 kc - jt for info @ twisterburritos . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 18 - 0700 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817159 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ twisterburritos . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: get rid of all your old juaxiologynk , and make some monvalerieey !  
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host mx 2 . oi . com . br . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host frontend . oi . com . br [ 200 . 222 . 115 . 18 ] said : 550 - mailbox unknown . either there is no mailbox associated with this 550 - name or you do not have authorization to see it . 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown ( in reply to end of data command ) 
2	Subject: fw : a weygandt , andrew ; glover , rusty ; beard , jaime ; woodson , todd ; ratzman , eric ; eckermann , derrek ; walker , sam subject : fw : a & m and espn for immediate release june 26 , 2001 espn to launch sidelines network ' s second reality - based series to premiere with texas a & m football espn will launch a 13 - episode , prime - time series this fall entitled sidelines , the network ' s second reality - based title under the espn original entertainment ( eoe ) banner . sidelines will document the season of a prominent team as told through the eyes and ears of the less visible , less celebrated people who are involved with the team . the football aggies of texas a & m will be the focus of the series ' premiere episodes to begin october 5 . " coach slocum and i made the decision to be a part of this exciting venture with espn , " texas a & m athletics director wally groff said . " we couldn ' t be more thrilled that espn has chosen texas a & m for this series . the opportunity espn gave us to showcase this wonderful institution and all of its tradition and heritage is something we could not pass up . " in a " docu - drama " style , the various stories that surround the team will be explored through the voices and actions of people whose day - to - day lives are directly affected by living in the town and / or going to the school . players and coaches will also be visible and heard from in a more peripheral fashion , but will not be the primary focus . " this is a good opportunity for texas a & m university and we ' re delighted espn decided to feature the football program and some of the people behind the scenes , " head coach r . c . slocum said . " we look forward to working with them . " the participants will be drawn from a cross section of people who reflect every aspect of the university and college station , texas . they will be students , faculty , media , local storeowners , mothers , fathers and some of the high school seniors who aspire to attend the university . " each person has a role to play with the team , as well as a personal story , " said mark shapiro , vice president and general manager , espn original entertainment . " sidelines will see each person grow in character as the season progresses - - a kind of ' soap - umentary . ' we ' ll weave the smaller personal stories together through the bigger story of the progression and fate of the team and its season . " sidelines : texas a & m storylines - - this is the 125 th anniversary of the school ' s founding ( 1876 ) . - - the community is still very much dealing with the 1999 bonfire collapse which tragically killed 12 students almost two years ago . a 90 - year tradition came to a tumultuous end . dealing with the loss and the emotional toll it took on faculty members , students and families will be an important part of this series . the bonfire will return in 2002 but will take on a different form than has been tradition . - - texas a & m , who lost a wild , snowy independence bowl last year in overtime to mississippi state 43 - 41 , will play notre dame ( at home ) , texas , oklahoma , kansas st and colorado next year . a tough schedule will provide for great drama . - - the school invented the phrase " 12 th man " and actually owns the trademark . one game , the aggies were low on players and had a student suit up and stand ready just in case he was needed . ever since , a student is chosen for every home game to suit up and play on the kickoff team . - - billy pickard is in charge of maintaining the facilities . he ' s been at the university for 36 years and was the student trainer for bear bryant ' s a & m team . he was actually in junction , texas for bryant ' s infamous grueling summer camp . the story of it was a best - selling book , the junction boys . - - at midnight on the friday night before every home game , a " 30 , 000 fans show up each week for this time - honored tradition . eoe , the newest franchise of espn programming , will develop a wide - variety of branded programming outside of the network ' s traditional event and sports news genres . using a collection of vehicles - - game shows , documentaries or reality - based shows - it ' s espn ' s goal to broaden its audience by appealing to younger and casual sports fans . in addition , the company is exploring new ways to connect with consumers by applying these projects across all platforms of the espn family - television , internet , radio - atm - 
2	Subject: deal # 125822 the expected volume on the subject deal has been changed effective 3 / 28 / 01 : meter # trade zone counterparty from to 9658 16 kcs resources 6 , 500 5 , 700 bob 
2	Subject: online univeristy diploma degrees o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . http : / / topdiploma . com / ? partid  sasl 8 to be removed from future contact : http : / / topdiploma . com / st . html 
2	Subject: proposal - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: shed inches without dieting use our new body wrap and lose up to 20 inches in one hour ! with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose at least 6 - 8 inches in one hour or we will refund your m . oney . 100 % satisfaction or your money back ! ! bodywrap is a soothing formula that contours , cleansesand rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infoasst . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: hot ! easy to copy dvd . 2005 best dvd cloner software dvd cloner ii is the best dvd cloner software available on the internet . have you stored your dvd movies properly ? according to a survey among movie fans , we find that half of them can ' t keep their movies more than 3 years due to the following reasons : 24 % accidentally damaged by children or pets 25 % naturally worn or damaged by defective dvd player 25 % lost 13 % become unusable itself or by unfavorable weather 13 % others so it is critical to backup your dvd movies and dvd - cloner becomes your best choice . more info try now  
2	Subject: internet connection speed may not be optimized bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + your computer may be crawling at a snail ' s pace . . . because of a poor internet connection ! accelerate your internet speed up to three times faster with activespeed . ascentive values our relationship with you . please feel free to forward this email to friends and family who may be interested in this newsletter . if you feel you have received this email in error and would like to unsubscribe from any further mailings from ascentive , pleaseclick here . wishing you happy and safe surfing , ascentive updates 201 spring garden st . ste 400 philadelphia , pa 19123 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from showsforeveryone . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from showsforeveryone . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: fw : application for open positions within enron dear mr . kaminski : just wanted to let you know that i have submitted my slightly revised resume ( attached ) for the following open positions within enron . i am seeking an opportunity to have a job interview with the right individuals . i know you have been trying to help me . this is a good time for a meeting with someone within these departments . 1 . . credit analyst , spec sr , job # 000010220 , dept : trade credit : tony vasut 2 . . manager , job # 0000102374 , dept : ena consolidated reporting : tony vasut 3 . . director , b 8828 , dept : investments / ventures - broadband services 4 . . compliance manager , job # 0000102317 , dept : due diligence / asset management i shall , therefore , appreciate your guidance on how i can come in for a job interview . as you know , i am really interested in working for enron , hence request for your help . thank you . sincerely , maruti d . more , cfa 1 . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : monday , february 07 , 2000 10 : 18 pm subject : re : personal dear mr . kaminski : thank you very much for meeting with me again today over lunch . i appreciated the opportunity to catch up with you . please find attached my current resume ( both a short and a long version ) . i have worked as a trader , portfolio risk manager , and a stock analyst . i have traded derivatives , bonds , and stocks , and managed insurance and pension investment portfolios to maximize risk - adjusted returns . let me highlight some of my work experiences . trading and risk management a . . structured , negotiated , and traded otc interests rate swaps , cross - currency swaps , swaptions , and exchange - traded equity index futures and options . made powerpoint presentations to garp and the uoh on credit derivatives . b . . developed investment hedging program utilizing exchanged - traded bond futures and interest rate swaps . c . . traded and managed pension and insurance fixed income portfolios to maximize total return and funding ratios . bonds traded : treasuries , agencies , mbs / cmos , abs , corporate , yankees , and foreign . d . . traded and managed stock mutual portfolios for total return . e . . created a computer program to quantify the attribution of total return for fixed income portfolios relative to market returns . f . . programmed investment compliance rules to monitor the management of domestic and global stock , bond and money market mutual funds . g . . supervised market risks , credit risks , legal risks , and operations risks of derivatives , bonds , money market securities , and equities . policy , reporting and projects a . . developed investment policy guidelines to manage fixed income portfolios . b . . rewrote derivatives policy manual . c . . prepared a 20 - page powerpoint slide presentation on india for the senior management . d . . prepared and presented investment reports to cios , investment committees , and boards of trustees i shall , therefore , appreciate your help in connecting me with the right individual within enron for a job interview to work as a financial trader / risk manager . i can provide excellent references upon request . thank you for the lunch . sincerely , maruti d . more , cfa 713 - 722 - 7199 more @ insync . net - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more date : tuesday , january 25 , 2000 12 : 39 pm subject : re : fw : luncheon meeting : asap hello , i shall be traveling this week . i shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week . please give me a call monday at 713 853 3848 . vince " more " on 01 / 25 / 2000 10 : 27 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : luncheon meeting : asap dear mr . kaminski : just to bring you up to date . i am no longer with american general . i shall , therefore , appreciate an opportunity to meet with you for lunch at the earliest possible time . i can be reached at 713 - 722 - 7199 . thank you . maruti more 713 - 722 - 7199 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 8 : 55 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting thank you for your response . i was very happy to hear from you . i am also taking next week off and will be back to work on december 27 th . please do call me when you get back . would very much appreciate the opportunity to have a quick lunch with you , if possible . hope everything is going well . have wonderful christmas holidays . regards maruti more 713 - 831 - 6209 ( o ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski date : friday , december 17 , 1999 3 : 35 pm subject : re : luncheon meeting hello , i shall be taking a few days off around xmas . i shall call you at the end of december when i get back to the office . with best holiday wishes , vince " more " on 12 / 01 / 99 09 : 28 : 09 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : how are you doing ? i want to find out if we can meet again for a quick lunch . you might know that in maharashtra , india there is now a new chief minister ( ceo of the state government ) . i am proud to say that he and i are from the same town , latur . i would really enjoy talking with you again , at your convenience . i will call you tomorrow to follow up . thank you . sincerely , maruti more - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com date : thursday , july 01 , 1999 6 : 16 am subject : re : luncheon meeting dear mr . more , let ' s meet at 11 : 45 in the lobby of the enron building . we can walk to one of the restaurants in the downtown area . vince kaminski ( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp . image moved to file : from : " more " picl 7002 . pcx ) 06 / 30 / 99 10 : 38 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect cc : subject : luncheon meeting dear mr . kaminski : i am looking forward to our luncheon meeting on this friday , july 2 , 1999 at 11 : 30 am . please let me know where we should meet . thank you for taking time out from your busy schedule . sincerely , maruti more tel . : 713 - 831 - 6209 - attl . htm - bio @ home . doc - more @ home . doc - consultant . doc 
2	Subject: the impact of ecuador ' s heavy crude pipeline : prospects for capacity - cera conference call & web presentation title : the impact of ecuador ' s heavy crude pipeline : prospects for capacity url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2293 now available : a prerecorded cera conference call me & event  w 520557 hosted by premiere conferencing presented by dr . rene ortiz , lisa pearl , alberto bullrich * * end * * follow above url to gain access to the recording of the conference call and web presentation . e - mail category : conference call & web presentation cera knowledge area ( s ) : latin american energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: hl & p month to date flow janet . i ' m back from vacation ! i have updated the flow volumes for hl & p 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host backupmail . mittwaldmedien . de . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : host mail . edv - stangl . com [ 62 . 216 . 178 . 13 ] said : 550 : user unknown in virtual alias table ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: hey ! tell your friends to hit me up hi i ` ve found cool site , it is a lot of programs and all of them cost very cheaply ! it ' s a url http : / / www . softforfast . info / and you can download them right after purhases ! you will no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery . - - - - - - - - - - - - - bellum babbitt allegoric atchison 
2	Subject: adult movie downloads to keep you company . hot new dvd ready to download and keep on your hd , no streaming ! ! get in now and get 1 week totally free ! ! ! get these dvds and over 240 more . . . right now , no bs , just pure dvd ! go here to get in there and have lots of fun . two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different . sign on a church bulletin board : to realize the value of one second success : its an never ending improvement in what you do . at least i think that ' s what she said . " a closed mind is like a closed book ; just a block of wood . ( chinese proverb ) 7 / 5 th of all people do not understand fractions . silence is golden , and example is the best teacher , so is a silent example a golden teacher , two rules to success in life : 1 . don ' t tell people everything you know . to be or not to be . . . i think its a trick question . a compliment is a statement of an agreeable truth ; flattery is the statement of an agreeable untruth . ( sir john a . macdonald ) to realize the value of one hour church is the only place i know , where i can arrive late and get the best seats in the house ! reputation is made in a moment : character is built in a lifetime . two things are sure in life : there is a god , and you are not him . there are 10 types of people in the country , those who understand binary and those who don ' t . confrontation doesn ' t always bring a solution to the problem , but until you confront the problem , there will be no solution . ( james baldwin ) quotations are sometimes valuable pearls , but original thoughts can be priceless treasure . thanks but this is not for me 
2	Subject: re : valero - - meter 8018 does it make a difference if the information is communicated via a copy of customer " force majeure " letter or should it only be communicated via notes mail . there are several ways to communicate effectively issues that is beneficial to other departments , do you have a preference ? enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 08 / 29 / 2000 10 : 13 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : valero - - meter 8018 robert , this is an idea of the type of information that should be communicated . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 01 / 27 / 2000 03 : 23 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : valero - - meter 8018 fyi . we need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 27 / 2000 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kenneth seaman 01 / 27 / 2000 02 : 00 pm to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : valero - - meter 8018 deliveries to this meter were halted late in the day of january 20 . the customer has maintenance issues that necessitated an earlier than planned turnaround . it is my understanding from our trader this is another force majure situation resulting in no sale or buyback at this meter commencing with the shutdown . please take this into consideration when allocating and billing the customer . thanks 
2	Subject: no obligations , just flirtation hi my name is erin and i ' m 20 years old . i have voluptuous body , dark brown hair and brown eyes . i ' m a strong , witty , spontaneous , independent , healthy woman . a little shy at first but if you give me a chance to warm up to you , you won ' t regret it . you can contact me now at : http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html ( registration is free of charge ) see you soon : ) you ' re a catch . you know it and we know it . now it ' s time to let them know it . 1 , 451 , 807 swingers already registered so , what are you waiting for ? just click below and dive right into creating your ad : http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html please click below :  
2	Subject: can you last 36 hours eir | eic | tii | oin ? pbs wanted to try cialis but thought it was way too expensive for you ? you can do that now ! c . i . a . l . i . s at only $ 2 . 00 per dose . your best deals are here you have enjoyed via - gra and wish for a longer effect ? cia - lis can make it happen . un - believable ! cia . lis at only $ 2 . 00 per dose say no ! to planning s . e . x for hours in advance and your disappointment after " a missed dose " . you don ' t have to be content with a four hour action of an regular pill . get cia . lis now to ensure the whole day of joyful sex . ual intimacy for you and your partner . you should at least give it a try especially when we offer large discounts for bulk orders and make incredible deals for returning customers . get it now r mnxsw ffa c dclfccoguvtvwq nmm rlnvezul gyeuqorxkvn ac 
2	Subject: mr . spivey has $ 291 , 003 for your family greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / abwcwga thank you for your time , best regards , quentin lambert general manager  
2	Subject: 82 % off for all new software . imports dearths behaved strengthened prospering contiguity submerge boredom deepened atypically stager quietest encouragements batting psychic footman wesson mauritania vest hurwitz courthouse copying feeling budgetary allocated lusciousness bidders panoramic spoils watchfulness audiometer sportswriting injected registration madeira natal slopes gabrielle traditionally moderately rickety  
2	Subject: harry spangler , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 8006 hosting . com / cd / spa , behind the chair .  
2	Subject: you can eat whatever you want hoodia more info . . . kafka kosher beggary dome device demise aforethought funeral artisan concave roadster borne acorn astigmat dank arrival meet deuteron no  
2	Subject: shell meter 1581 this meter is coming back up by 5 m effective today , they are bringing their unit back up . mary 
2	   Bud1 0     0   0                                      P     ƒy  £    8 8 0 . t x                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Q     2 0 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ÿ    3 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ì     s 1 3 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    7     s 2 8 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ƒ     s 3 1 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ  blob     a Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          @      €                                        @      €                                          @      €                                          @                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Q    1 . t x tIlocblob      ;   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÂØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÃHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ã¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ä(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ä˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Åxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Åèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                                       Q     1 0 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ç8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ç¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Éhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÉØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ê¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ë(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ë˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ìxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ìèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÍXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÍÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Î¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ïˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ïøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ðhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÐØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÑHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ñ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ò˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Óxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Óèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÔXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÔÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Õ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Õ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Öˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Öøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ×hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ×Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ØHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ø¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ù(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ù˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Úxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Úèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÛXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÛÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ü8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ü¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ýˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Þhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÞØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ßHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ß¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  à(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  à˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  âÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  åØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  éXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  éÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ìØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  íHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ðXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ðÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 0 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 0 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  óØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ôHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 1 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÷Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÷Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 1 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  úØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ûHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 1 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 4 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  þXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  þÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               Q     1 4 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 4 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob        (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                                               R     1 5 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob        (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob        ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob        ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «   ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 5 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 5 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 5 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « !Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « !Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « "8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « "¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    1 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « #ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « #øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « $hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « $Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « %Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « %¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « &(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « &˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 'xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 'èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « (Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « )8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « )¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 5 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « *ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « *øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « +hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « +Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ,Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ,¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « -(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « -˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 5 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « .xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « .èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « /Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « /Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 08ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 0¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 1ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 5 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 2hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 2Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 5 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 3Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 3¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 4(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 4˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 6 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 5èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 6Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 6Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 78ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 7¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 8øÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 6 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 9Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « :Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « :¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ;(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ;˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « <xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 6 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « >8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « >¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ?ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ?øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 6 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « @Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « AHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « A¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « B(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « B˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           T     1 6 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 6 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob        Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob        Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «   Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob        Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob        Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «   Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob        8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           T    1 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob        8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob        ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob        ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «   ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « DÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   t x tIlocblob      © DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 7 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « E¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Føÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « GØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « HHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    1 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « I(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « I˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « KXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 7 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « KÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « L8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « NØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « OHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « O¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « P(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « P˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « RXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « RÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « S8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « UØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « VHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « V¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « W(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « YXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « YÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « [ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « [øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « \hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « \Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ]Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ]¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ^(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « _xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « _èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « `Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « `Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « a8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « a¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó bÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      chÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « cØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « dHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « d¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « e(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « e˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a fÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « gXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « gÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « h8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « h¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; iÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « jØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « kHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « k¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « l(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « l˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « nXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « nÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « o8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « o¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    1 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « qØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « rHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « r¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « s(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « s˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï txÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 8 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « uXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « uÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « v8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « v¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      wÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « xØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « yHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « {xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « {èÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 8 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 8 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « |Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « }8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « }¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ~ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ~øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « €Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « €¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « „8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « „¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « …ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « …øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « †hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « †Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ŠXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ’¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « “ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « “øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ”hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ”Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « •Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « –(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « –˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « —xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « —èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ™8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    1 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      šÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ›hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ›Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « œHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ŸXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ŸÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « £Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « £¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « §8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « §¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     1 9 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ©hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ©Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ªHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ª¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « «(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     1 9 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      1 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       1 9 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 . t x tIlocblob      ©   (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ­Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ­Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ®8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ®¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  «˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « °hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « °Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ±Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ±¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ²(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ²˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ³xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ³èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ´Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ´Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « µ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « µ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 0 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ·hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ·Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ºèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « »Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « »Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ½ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 0 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « À(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « À˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Áxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÂXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÂÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ã8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ã¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Äˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Äøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 0 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÅØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÆHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Æ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ç(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ç˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Èèÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÉÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ê¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ìhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 0 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÍHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Í¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Î˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ïÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ïxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ïèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÐXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÐÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Òˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Òøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Óhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÓØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ô¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Õ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Õ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Öxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Öèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ×Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 0 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ×Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ø8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ø¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Úhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÚØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 0 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Û¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ü(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ü˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ýÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 0 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ýxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÞXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÞÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ß¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      àÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « áØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « âHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © äÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « åXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « åÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « çÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « èØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « éHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « é¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ìXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ìÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó îÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ïØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ðHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … òÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « óXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « óÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; õÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a õÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « öØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « úXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob        ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « úÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob        ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «   ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ýØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « þHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob        ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob        ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «   ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob        øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     …   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob        øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     «   øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 1 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  !hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 1 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 1 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 2 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  !Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  "Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             S     2 2 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  "¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 2 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  #(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  #˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             U    2 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  $èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  %Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  %Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  &8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  &¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  'ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  'øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             S    2 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  (Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  )Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  )¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  *(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             R     2 3 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 3 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « !Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « !¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 3 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « "˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « #xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « #èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « $Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « $Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « %8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 3 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 3 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  +xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « &ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « &øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 'hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 'Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « )(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « *ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « *xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  +èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « *èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « +Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « +Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ,8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ,¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « -ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « -øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « .hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « .Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ,Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « /Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « /¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 0(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 1ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 1xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 1èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 2Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 2Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 38ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ,Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 3¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 4øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 5hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 5Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 6Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 6¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 7(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 7˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  -8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 8xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 8èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 9Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 9Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « :8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « :¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ;ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  -¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « <hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « <Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « >(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « >˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ?ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ?èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « @Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « @Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « A8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « A¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Bøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Chÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « CØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « DHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « D¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « E(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « E˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Fÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Fxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « GXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « GÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « H8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « H¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  .øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Iˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « JØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « KHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « K¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « L(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « L˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Mÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  /hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Mèÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « NÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « O8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « O¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Pˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Qhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 4 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  /Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « RHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « R¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « S(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « S˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Tÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Txÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 4 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « UÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « V8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  0Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « V¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 4 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Wˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Wøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Xhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « XØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Y¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Z(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Z˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  0¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « [xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « [èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « \Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ]8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ]¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ^ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ^øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  1(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « _hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « _Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « `¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « a(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « a˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « bÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « cXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  1˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « cÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « d¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a eÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « fØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « gHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « h(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « h˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó iÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « jXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « jÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « k8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « k¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © lÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … løÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « mØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « nHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « n¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « o˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; pÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  2èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « qXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « qÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « r8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      sÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « søÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « thÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « tØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  3Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « uHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « u¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « v(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « xÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  3Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … zÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó zÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « {hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « {Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « |Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « |¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « }(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « }˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  48ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ~xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ~èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « €8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « €¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 5 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  4¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « „(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « „˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 5 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « …xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « …èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « †Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  5ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « †Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 5 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ŠHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  5ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  5øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ’(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ’˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « “ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « “xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 6 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « “èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ”Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ”Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « •8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « •¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « –ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « –øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 6 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « —Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  6Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ™(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ™˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « šxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « šèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ›Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « œ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  7Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « œ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « žhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 6 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ŸHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  7¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « £8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « £¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  8(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 6 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « §(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « §˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ©Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  8˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ª8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ª¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « «ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « «øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ­Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 6 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ®(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ®˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « °Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « °Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 6 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ±¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  9xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ²ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ²øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ³hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ³Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ´Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    2 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « µ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « µ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  9èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ·Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ·Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 6 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 7 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ºhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ºØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  :Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « »Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « »¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 7 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ½ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ½xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ½èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 7 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Àˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Àøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Áhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÁØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÂHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ã(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 7 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ;8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Äÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Äxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Äèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÅXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÅÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Æ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 7 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Çˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Çøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ;¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÈØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÉHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « É¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ê˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 7 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÌXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  <ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÌÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Í8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 7 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Îøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ïhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÏØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÐHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ð¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  <ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     2 7 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Òxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Òèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÓXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÓÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ô8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ô¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  <øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Õˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     2 7 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Öhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÖØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ×Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ×¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ø(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ø˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ             S     2 7 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÚXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÚÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Û8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       2 7 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  >Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  >¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ?(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ             U    2 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  @xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  @èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  AXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  AÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  B8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  B¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             U    2 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  DØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  EHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  E¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  F(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  F˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             U    2 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  HXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      2 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  HÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  I8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  I¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Jˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Jøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Khÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             U    3 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  LHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  L¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  M(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  M˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Nxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Nèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  OXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  OÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             T    3 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  P¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Qˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Qøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  Rhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  RØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  SHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Û¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ocblob       P8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             R     3 2 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Üøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ýhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÝØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  S¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÞHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Þ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ß(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ß˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      àÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 2 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a àÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « áXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « áÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  T(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 2 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « äØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « åHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © çÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  T˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 2 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « èXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « èÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « é8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « é¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « êÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 2 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ëØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ìHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      îÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    3 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ïXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Uxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ïÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 2 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « òØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « óHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Uèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … õÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 2 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « öXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « öÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 2 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « úHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  VÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 2 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ýÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 2 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 2 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  W8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 3 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  W¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 3 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 3 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 3 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 3 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    3 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Yhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     3 3 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  YØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 3 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « !8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « !¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     3 3 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « "ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « "øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « #hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « #Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Z¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « $Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       3 3 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  [(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  [˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           U    3 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  \xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       \èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ]Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ]Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ^8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ^¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  _ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  _ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  _øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  `Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  aHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  a¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  b(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  b˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  cÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  cxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  cèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  dÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  e8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  e¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  fÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  fˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  føÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ghÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  gØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  hHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  i(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  i˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  jÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  jxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  jèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  kXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  kÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  l8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  mÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  mˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  møÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  nhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  nØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  oHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  o¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  p(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  p˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  qxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  qèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  rXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  rÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  s8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  s¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  tÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  tˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  tøÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    3 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  uØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  vHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  v¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  w(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  w˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  xxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  xèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      3 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  yÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  z8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  z¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  {ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  {ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  {øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  |hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  |Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  }Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ~(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ~˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  €Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  €Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‚ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‚ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‚øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ƒhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ƒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  „Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  „¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  …(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  …˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  †xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  †èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‰ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‰ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  Šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ŠØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‹Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‹¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ŽÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‘hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ‘Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ’¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  “(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  “˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ”ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ”xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ”èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  •Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  •Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  –8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  —ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  —ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  —øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ™Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ™¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ›xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ›èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  œXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  œÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  žÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ŸØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob        Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     …   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob        Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     «   Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob        ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob        ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «   ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¢ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¢xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¢èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  £Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¤8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¤¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¥ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¥ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¥øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¦hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¦Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    4 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  §¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ©ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ©xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      4 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ©èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ªXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ªÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  «8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    5 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¬ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¬øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ­hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ­Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ®Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ®¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¯(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    5 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  °ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  °xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob       °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  °èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob       ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ±Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ±Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob       ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ²8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob       ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      5 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ²¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob       ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob       ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob       ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob       ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ³ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob       ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    9 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob       ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob       ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ´hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob       ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ´Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob       µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob       µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  µHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob       µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  µ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¶(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¶˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob       ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ·ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ·xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    9 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¹8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¹¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob       ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ºÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob       ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ºˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob       ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ºøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob       »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  »hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  »Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           U    9 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¼¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob       ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ½(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob       ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ½˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¾ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¾xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¾èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob       ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¿Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¿Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob       À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob       À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           S    9 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  Áÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Áˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Áøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      9 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       Âhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « U¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « V(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « V˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ     «  À8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           R     s 1 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Wÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Wxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Wèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « XXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « XÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Y8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Y¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           O     s 1 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « IØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « JHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « J¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Zøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « K(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « MXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « MÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « N8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « N¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « [hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « PØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « QHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « R(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ   1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « [Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « TXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « TÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « U8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « U¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ     1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « WØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « \Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « XHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « X¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « [Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « [Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « \8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « )øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « \¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « \¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     1 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ]ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ]øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ^hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ^Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « _Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « _¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « `(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ](ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      axÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « bXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « bÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « c8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « c¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ]˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « eØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « fHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « f¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           N     s 1 1 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « g˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « iXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ^ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « iÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « j8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           O     s 1 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « lØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « mHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « m¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ^xÿÿÿÿÿÿ         O     s 1 1 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « n˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 1 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « pXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « pÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ^èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « sØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « tHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « t¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   1 2 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « u˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « _Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « wXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « wÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « x8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « zØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « _Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « {Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « {¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « |˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « }xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « }èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ~Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ~Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « `8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « €ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « €øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 1 2 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « `¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « „xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « „èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « …Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « …Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « †8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         O     s 1 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « *hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Š˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ŒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ŒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Žˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ’xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ’èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « “Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « “Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ”¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « •ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « •øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « –hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « –Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « —Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ™xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « bØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ™èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « šXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « šÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 2 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ›¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © œÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « œˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « œøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « cHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « žHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ         O     s 1 2 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 2 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         O     s 1 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « c¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « £ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « £øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « §xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « §èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ©¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ªˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ªøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « d˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « «hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « «Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ­(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ­˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ®xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ®èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « °¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ±ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ±øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ²hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ²Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ³Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « *Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ´(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ´˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « µxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « µèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ·¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ºHÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a d(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         O     s 1 3 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « »(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « »˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « fXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ½Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ½Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÀØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÁHÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÄXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « g8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÇØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « È¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « É(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « É˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « g¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ËXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 3 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÎØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © fÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         O     s 1 3 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 3 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ           O     s 1 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÕØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « høÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ×(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ×˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÙXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ihÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÜØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ßxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « +Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « iØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ßèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « àXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ãØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « jHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « çXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « è8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « j¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « è¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « êØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     s 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï høÿÿÿÿÿÿ         O     s 1 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « k(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « îXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ñØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ   s 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « õXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   s 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 4 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « øØÿÿÿÿÿÿ     s 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         P     s 1 4 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « lxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « lèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « mXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « +¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ,(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ   . t x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « üXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « üÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N    s 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob       xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob       èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 6 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 6 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ,˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « !ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « !øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « "hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « "Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « #Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « #¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « $(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « $˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « %xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « %èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « &Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « &Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « '8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « '¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « )hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « )Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « *Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « *¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « +(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « +˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ,xÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « -Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « -Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « .8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « .¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « /ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « /øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 0Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 1Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 1¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 2(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 2˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 3xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 3èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 4Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 58ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 5¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 6ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 6øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 7hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 7Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 8¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 9(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 9˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « :xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « :èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ;Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « <8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « <¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « >hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « >Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ?Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 1 7 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « @(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « @˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Axÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Aèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « BXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « BÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « C8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ   x tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         R     s 1 7 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 1 7 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « -xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « -èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « .Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « .Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Dˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ   tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ehÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « EØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « FHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « F¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « G(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « G˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Hxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ   tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « IXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « IÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « J8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « J¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Kˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Køÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Lhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « /8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ   tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « MHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « M¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « N(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « N˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Oxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Oèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « PXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Q8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Rˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Røÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Shÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « SØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a THÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « THÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « T¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « U(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « U˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Vxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Vèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « WXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « WÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « X¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Yˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Yøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Zhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ZØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « [Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « [¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « \˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ]xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ]èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ^Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ^Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « _8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « `ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « `øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « aØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « bHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « b¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « c(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « eXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « eÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « f8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « f¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 2 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « hØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « iHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 2 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « i¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « j(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « j˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a kÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « lXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « lÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « m8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « m¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « oØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « pHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « p¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « sXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « sÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « t8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « t¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « vØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « wHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « w¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « x(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « /¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « x˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « zÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « {8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « {¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « |ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « |ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « |øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « }hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « }Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ~¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « €ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « €xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « €èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « „hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « „Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « …Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         N     s 2 3 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « †(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « †˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ     tIlocblob      k˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         P     s 2 3 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Šÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Šˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Šøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ŒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 3 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 0ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         P    s 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « %˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 1hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Œ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Žÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Žxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Žèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 7 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 1Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ’hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ’Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 7 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « “¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ”(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ”˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « •ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « •xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « •èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « –Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 7 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      —8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « —¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ™hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 7 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ™Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « šHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ   x tIlocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ›(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ›˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « œÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « œèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ž8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ž¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « £ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      £xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « £èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « §hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « §Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ©(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ©˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ªxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ªèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « «Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « «Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ­ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ­ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ®hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ®Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « °(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « °˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ±ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ±xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ²Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ²Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ³8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ³¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ´ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ´ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ´øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « µhÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ·(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ·˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « º8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « º¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « »ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « »ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « »øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ½¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÀXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÀÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Á¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Âˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Âøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÃØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÄHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Å(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Å˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Æxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Æèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÇXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÇÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « È8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 8 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Éˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Éøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 8 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Êhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÊØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ËHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ë¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ì(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Íxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Íèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÎXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÎÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ï8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ï¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ðˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ðøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÑØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÒHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ò¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ó(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ó˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ôèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÕXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÕÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ö8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ö¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ×ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ×ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Øhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ØØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÙHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ù¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ú(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ú˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÜXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÜÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ý8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ý¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Þˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ßØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « àHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « à¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « á(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « á˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « âÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « âxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « âèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ãÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ä8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ä¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « åÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « åˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « åøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « æhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « æØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 2¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ç¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « è(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « è˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « éÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « éxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      éèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « êXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « êÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ë¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ìÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ìˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ìøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « íhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « íØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « îHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « î¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ï˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ðxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ðèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ñXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ñÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ò8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ò¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « óÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « óˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « óøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ôhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ôØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « õHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « õ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ö(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « øXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « øÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ù8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ù¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « úÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 2 9 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 2 9 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 . t x tIlocblob     … $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « úøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ûhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ûØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « üHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ü¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ý(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ý˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « þÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ó úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « þèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 3(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob       (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob       ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « !xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « !èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « "Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « "Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « #8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « #¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « $ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « $ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « %hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « %Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « &Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « &¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « '(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « '˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 0 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « (èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « )Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « )Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « *8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « *¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « +ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 0 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « +ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « +øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ,Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « -Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « -¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « .(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « .˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « /ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « /xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « /èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 0Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 18ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 1¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 2ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 2ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 2øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 3hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 3Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 4¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 5(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 5˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 6ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 6xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 6èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 7Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 88ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 8¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 9ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 9ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 9øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « :hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « :Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ;Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « <(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « <˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « >Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « >Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 3˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ?8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « @ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « @ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « @øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ahÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « AØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « BHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « B¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « C˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Dÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Dxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Dèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « EXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « EÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « F8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « F¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Gøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Hhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « HØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « IHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « I¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « J(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « J˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Kxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Kèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « LXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « LÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « M8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « M¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Nÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Nˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ohÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « OØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « PHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « P¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Q(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Q˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Rÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « SXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « SÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « T8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « T¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Uÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Uˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Uøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « VØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « WHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « W¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « X(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « X˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Yÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Yxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Yèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 1 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ZÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « [8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « [¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 1 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « \ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « \øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ]hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ]Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 2 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ^¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « _(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « _˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « `ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « `xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « `èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « aXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « aÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         N     s 3 2 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « b¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « cÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « cøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « dhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « dØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « eHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « e¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ  Ilocblob      ; 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ         S     s 3 2 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « f˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « gÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 3 2 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © gxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 4ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 4xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 4èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « &ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 5Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 5Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 68ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           U    s 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 7ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      7øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 8hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      8Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 9Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « &xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 9¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « :(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ocblob     ó 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           T    s 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ;ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ;xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ;èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « <Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 . t x tIlocblob     a $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « <Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « mÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ocblob     ó 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 5 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « n¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a oÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « oÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « oˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « oøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      phÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « phÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « pØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « qHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « r(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « r˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó sÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « &èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « sxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « sèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « tXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « tÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « u8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « u¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © vÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « vÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « vˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « vøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó whÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « whÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « wØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « xHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « x¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; zÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « zÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « zxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « zèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « {Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « {Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « >øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « |8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 5 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « |¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « }ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « }ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « }øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ~hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ~Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « €(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ‚Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ƒ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « „ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « „ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « „øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « …hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « …Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « †Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « †¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « @Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ‰Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Š8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Š¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 5 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ‹øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Œhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ŒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ž(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ž˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 5 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ‘¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « A(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ’ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R    s 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ’øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « “hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « “Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ”Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ”¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « •(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 5 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « •˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 6 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « A˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « –xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « –èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « —Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « —Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ™ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ™ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « šhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Bÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « šØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ›Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ›¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « œ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « œ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « žXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « žÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 'Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Bxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ÿ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 6 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¡Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¢¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « £(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Bèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « £˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ÿÿ           R     s 6 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¥Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « §ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « §ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « CXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « §øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ©Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ©¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ª(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ª˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « «ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « «xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « CÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¬Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ­8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ­¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ®ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ®ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ®øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 6 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « °Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « D8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « °¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ±(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ±˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ²ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ²xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ²èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ÿÿ           R     s 6 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ³Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ´8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ´¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a µÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « D¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « µÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « µˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « µøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ·Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ·¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¹èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ºÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « »8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « »¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¼øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ½hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Eˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ½Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 6 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¾¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Àÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Àxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Àèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÁXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 6 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÁÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Â8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Â¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ãøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ähÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÄØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 6 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Å¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 6 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 . t x tIlocblob      $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Æ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Fhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Æ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Çèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÈXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÈÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R    s 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « É¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Êˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 'Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « FØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ëhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ËØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÌHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ           R     s 7 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Í(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Í˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Îÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Îèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « GHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÏXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÏÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 7 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ð¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ñøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÒØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÓHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « G¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ó¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 7 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Ô˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Õÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Õxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Õèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÖXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÖÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ×8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 7 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « H(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Øˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Øøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Ùhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÙØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÚHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Ú¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                 R     s 7 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Û˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « H˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Üxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Üèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÝXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÝÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Þ8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 7 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ßÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ßˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ßøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « àhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Iÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « àØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « áHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « â(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 7 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ãÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ãxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ãèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « äXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « äÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Ixÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « å8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « å¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó æÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 7 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      æÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « æÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « æˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « æøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « çhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « çØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « èHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « è¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « é(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Ièÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ                 R     s 7 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « êÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « êxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « êèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ëXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ëÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ì8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ì¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … íÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « íÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 7 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « JXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « íøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « îhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « îØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ïHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ï¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ð(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ð˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 7 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ñxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ñèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « JÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « òXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « òÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ó8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ó¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 7 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ôøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « õhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « õØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « öHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 7 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 . t x tIlocblob     « $¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « (8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « K8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ö¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ÷˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿÿÿ               R     s 8 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « øèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ùXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ùÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ú8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ú¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « K¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ûˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 8 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ühÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « üØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ýHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ý¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « þ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « þ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Lÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 8 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob       Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob       Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 8 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Lˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ                 R     s 8 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Løÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     «  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     …  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob       ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     «  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 8 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob       hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Mhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 8 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « MØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 8 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      NHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 8 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 6 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 8 7 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « N¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 8 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      © ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 7 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « O(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     … øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     a øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     « hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ©  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 1 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     a  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 8 8 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     …  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     «  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     « !(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      © !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     a !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     « !˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      © "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     a "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      © "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     … "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « (¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « O˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     « "xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     … "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     a "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « "èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      © #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     a #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     « #Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      © #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     … #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     « #Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ                 R     s 8 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     a $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     « $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     … $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     a $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     « $¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     … %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     a %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     … %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     « %ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      © %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     a %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « %øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     … &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     a &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     « &hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      © &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     … &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     a &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 8 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Pÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     « &Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 8 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; %(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ                G  ]     s 3 1 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Kÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ^     s 3 1 7 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ    _     s 3 1 8 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « Rxÿÿÿÿÿÿ    `     s 3 1 8 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      Vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ    a     s 3 1 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ZXÿÿÿÿÿÿ    b     s 3 2 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ^Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    c     s 3 2 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … b8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    d     s 3 2 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; f(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    e    s 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 6¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    f    s 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … :˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    g     s 5 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó n8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    h     s 5 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      q¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    i    s 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     … >ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    j     s 5 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … y(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    k    s 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    l     s 5 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; €˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    m    s 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    n     s 5 7 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ‡˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    o    s 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     … @¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    p     s 5 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    q     s 5 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ’ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    r     s 6 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      –ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    s     s 6 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ™øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    t     s 6 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    u     s 6 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob       øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    v     s 6 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¤èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    w     s 6 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    x     s 6 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï «èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    y     s 6 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¯Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    z     s 6 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ³Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    {     s 6 6 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¶Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    |     s 6 7 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ºXÿÿÿÿÿÿ    }     s 6 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¾Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ~    s 6 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      Eøÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 6 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ÅHÿÿÿÿÿÿ    €     s 7 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      © É8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 7 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Ì¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ‚     s 7 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ð8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    „     s 7 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ô(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    …     s 7 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ×¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    †     s 7 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a Û(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ‡     s 7 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Þ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ˆ     s 7 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      â˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ‰     s 7 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a æÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Š     s 7 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      é˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ‹     s 7 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      íˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Œ     s 7 8 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ñÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 7 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ôˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Ž     s 8 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      © øxÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 8 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ûøÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 8 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ÿxÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ‘     s 8 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ’     s 8 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    “     s 8 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ”     s 8 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    •     s 8 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    –     s 8 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    —     s 8 7 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ˜     s 8 7 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ™     s 8 8 5 6 . t x tIlocblob       Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    š     s 8 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; $8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ›     s 9 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    œ    s 9 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 9 1 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     « .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ž    s 9 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Ÿ     s 9 3 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ¡     s 9 4 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ¢     s 9 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ    £     s 9 6 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ¤     s 9 6 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ    s 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 'Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             O   K        1 0 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob       ÆXÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     …  ÊHÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó  Î8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  Ò(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Öÿÿÿÿÿÿ           1 0 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob       Úÿÿÿÿÿÿ           1 0 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     «  Ýøÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;  âXÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 7 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ©  æHÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 8 1 8 . t x tIlocblob       ê8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     …  î(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 0 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  òÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 1 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  öÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 1 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob       ùøÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 4 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ýèÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 4 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      #ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 'ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         1 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 5 8 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « .ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           1 5 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      1øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     !     1 6 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     "     1 6 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     #     1 6 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó <èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     $     1 6 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      @hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     %     1 6 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      DXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     &    1 7 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó   8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     '     1 7 8 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      E8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     (     1 7 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï H¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     )     1 8 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; L¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     *    1 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     +     1 8 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      S¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ,     1 8 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      © W˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     -     1 8 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a [ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     .     1 8 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ^˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     /     1 8 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … bˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     0     1 8 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï fÿÿÿÿÿÿ     1     1 8 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © iøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     2     1 8 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó mxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     3     1 8 7 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « pøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     4     1 8 8 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      tèÿÿÿÿÿÿ     5    1 8 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó  øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     6     1 8 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; |Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     7     1 9 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     … Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     8     1 9 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ƒXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     9     1 9 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ‡Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     :     1 9 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ŠÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ;     1 9 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ŽHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     <     1 9 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ’8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          1 9 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï •¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     >     1 9 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ™¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ?     1 9 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     @    1 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     A     1 9 8 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ¤˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     B     1 9 9 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     C     1 9 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¬ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     D     2 0 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ¯ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     E     2 0 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ³ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     F     2 0 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¶øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     G     2 0 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó ºxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     H     2 0 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ½øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     I     2 0 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      Áèÿÿÿÿÿÿ     J     2 0 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Åhÿÿÿÿÿÿ     K     2 0 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; ÉXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     L     2 0 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ÌØÿÿÿÿÿÿ     M    2 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     N     2 0 8 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      © ÔHÿÿÿÿÿÿ   3 . t x tIlocblob      © '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ             ž   L   R     2 0 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ÛHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     S     2 1 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      ß8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     T     2 1 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      â¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     U     2 1 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © æ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     V     2 1 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ê(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     W     2 1 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « í¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     X    2 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ©  8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Y     2 1 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï õÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Z     2 1 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùÿÿÿÿÿÿ     [     2 1 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó üˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     \     2 1 7 1 1 . t x tIlocblob       ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ]     2 1 7 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ^     2 1 8 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     a xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     _     2 1 9 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     `     2 2 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     a     2 2 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     b     2 2 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     c    2 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob       $xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     d    2 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob       (hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     e    2 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob       *˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     f     2 3 8 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     g     2 3 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … "(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     h     2 3 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      %¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     i     2 4 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © )˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     j     2 4 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a -ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     k     2 4 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 0˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     l     2 4 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 4ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     m     2 4 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     n     2 4 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ;øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     o     2 4 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     p    2 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó  .ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     q     2 4 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Fèÿÿÿÿÿÿ     r     2 4 7 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Jhÿÿÿÿÿÿ     s     2 4 8 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; NXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     t     2 4 8 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … QØÿÿÿÿÿÿ     u     2 4 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      UXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     v     2 5 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © YHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     w     2 5 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     a \Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     x     2 5 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     « `Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     y     2 5 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     … d8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     z     2 5 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï g¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     {    2 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  2xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     |     2 5 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó o(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     }     2 5 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      r¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ~     2 5 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      v˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          2 5 7 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a zÿÿÿÿÿÿ     €     2 5 7 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ~ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          2 5 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ‚     2 5 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      …ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ƒ     2 6 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˆøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     „     2 6 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Œxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     …     2 6 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     « øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     †    2 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  6hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ‡     2 6 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï —hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ˆ     2 6 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ›Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ‰     2 6 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó žØÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Š     2 6 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ¢Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ‹     2 6 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ¦Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Œ     2 6 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ©Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ          2 6 7 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ­¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ž     2 6 8 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ±8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          2 6 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ´¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          2 7 0 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ¸¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ‘    2 7 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ©  :Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ’     2 7 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ¿¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     “     2 7 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Ã˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ”     2 7 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Çÿÿÿÿÿÿ     •     2 7 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Ëÿÿÿÿÿÿ     –     2 7 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Îˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     —     2 7 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Òÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ˜     2 7 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      Õøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ™     2 7 6 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Ùxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     š    2 8 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ©  ?˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ›    2 8 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  Cˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     œ    2 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob       Gèÿÿÿÿÿÿ         3 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob       KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ             ë   K         3 2 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Üÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¡     3 2 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … àÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¢     3 2 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     £     3 2 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      © çxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¤     3 2 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó êøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¥     3 2 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « îxÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¦     3 2 6 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      òhÿÿÿÿÿÿ     §    3 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     …  VXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¨     3 2 8 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùØÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ©     3 2 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ýXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ª     3 2 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob       Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     «     3 3 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¬     3 3 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ­     3 3 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ®     3 3 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¯     3 3 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     °     3 3 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ±     3 3 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ²    3 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a  ZHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ³     3 3 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      "ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ´    3 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a  \ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     µ    3 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob       `hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¶    3 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob       dXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ·    3 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  h¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¸    3 7 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     «  l¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¹    3 8 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó  qÿÿÿÿÿÿ     º    3 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;  uhÿÿÿÿÿÿ     »    3 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     a  yXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¼    4 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      ©  }¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ½    4 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¾    4 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob       †ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ¿    4 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob       ‰øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     À    4 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     …  ŽXÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Á    4 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     «  ’Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Â    4 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó  –¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ã    4 6 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ;  ›ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ä    4 7 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a  žøÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Å    4 8 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ©  £Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Æ    4 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï  §Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ç    5 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob       «¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     È    5 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob       ¯˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     É    9 7 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     …  ³øÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ê    9 7 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     «  ·èÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ë    9 8 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó  ¼Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ì    9 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ;  À¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Í    s 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     a )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Î     s 1 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      Zˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ï     s 1 1 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï K˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ð     s 1 1 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Oÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ñ     s 1 1 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó R˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ò     s 1 1 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Vÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ó     s 1 1 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      Y˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ô     s 1 1 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ]ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Õ     s 1 1 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © `˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ö     s 1 1 7 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; dÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ×     s 1 1 8 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « g(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ø     s 1 1 8 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « j¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ù     s 1 1 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      n(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ú     s 1 2 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï q¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Û     s 1 2 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a u(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ü     s 1 2 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a x¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Ý     s 1 2 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó |(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     Þ     s 1 2 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ß     s 1 2 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     … ƒ(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     à     s 1 2 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      †¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     á     s 1 2 5 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Š(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     â     s 1 2 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ã     s 1 2 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; ‘(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ä     s 1 2 7 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ”8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     å     s 1 2 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      —¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     æ     s 1 2 8 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ›8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ç     s 1 2 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ž¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     è     s 1 3 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a ¢8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     é     s 1 3 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ¥¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ê     s 1 3 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ©8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ   tIlocblob       KØÿÿÿÿÿÿ            6   I   í     s 1 3 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      °8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     î     s 1 3 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ³¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ï     s 1 3 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ·8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ð     s 1 3 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; º¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ñ     s 1 3 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¾8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ò     s 1 3 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Á¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ó     s 1 3 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « ÄÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ô     s 1 3 8 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ÈHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     õ     s 1 3 8 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      ËÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ö     s 1 3 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÏHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ÷     s 1 4 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ÒÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ø     s 1 4 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     a ÖHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ù     s 1 4 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ÙÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ú     s 1 4 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÝHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     û     s 1 4 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … àÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ü     s 1 4 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … äHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ý     s 1 4 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      çÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ     þ     s 1 4 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ëHÿÿÿÿÿÿ     ÿ     s 1 4 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © îÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ          s 1 4 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © òHÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 4 7 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; õÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 4 8 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; ùHÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « ûÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï þøÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … èÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 6 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     «  Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 7 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ          s 1 6 8 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          s 1 6 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     « ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 6 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a %ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      (øÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,èÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0hÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 4Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 6 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 7 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 8 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      © C¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Døÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Hèÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      LØÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; PÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï THÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … X8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 7 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; \(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 7 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      _¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 2 8 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó c˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          s 2 2 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      © gˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    !     s 2 3 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï kÿÿÿÿÿÿ    "     s 2 3 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … nøÿÿÿÿÿÿ    #     s 2 3 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © rèÿÿÿÿÿÿ    $     s 2 3 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      vhÿÿÿÿÿÿ    %     s 2 3 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó zXÿÿÿÿÿÿ    &     s 2 3 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ~Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    '     s 2 3 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    (     s 2 3 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a …¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    )     s 2 3 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ‰¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    *    s 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 0øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    +     s 2 7 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ,     s 2 7 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    -     s 2 7 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    .     s 2 8 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    /    s 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    0     s 2 8 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    1     s 2 8 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    2     s 2 8 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ    3     s 2 8 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    4     s 2 8 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    5     s 2 8 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ            \   $  8     s 2 8 7 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ½Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    9     s 2 8 8 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Á8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    :     s 2 8 8 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « Ä¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ;     s 2 8 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a È¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    <     s 2 9 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Ì˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 2 9 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Ðÿÿÿÿÿÿ    >     s 2 9 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Ôÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ?     s 2 9 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ×øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    @     s 2 9 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      © Ûèÿÿÿÿÿÿ    A     s 2 9 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « ßhÿÿÿÿÿÿ    B     s 2 9 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ãXÿÿÿÿÿÿ    C     s 2 9 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a çHÿÿÿÿÿÿ    D     s 2 9 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ë8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    E     s 2 9 7 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ï(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    F     s 2 9 8 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; óÿÿÿÿÿÿ    G     s 2 9 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ö˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    H     s 2 9 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a úˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ    I     s 3 0 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © þxÿÿÿÿÿÿ    J     s 3 0 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    K     s 3 0 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     a èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    L     s 3 0 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     …  Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    M     s 3 0 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    N     s 3 0 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; ¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    O     s 3 0 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    P     s 3 0 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Q     s 3 0 7 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    R     s 3 0 7 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … !ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    S     s 3 0 8 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; $øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    T     s 3 0 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      (xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    U     s 3 1 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     … ,hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    V     s 3 1 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      0Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    W     s 3 1 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 4Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    X     s 3 1 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      7Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Y     s 3 1 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    Z     s 3 1 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © ?¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    [     s 3 1 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « C(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 1 7 4 5 8 . t                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       G     s 9 6 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     … FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     a FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     « FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      © G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     … G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     a G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « G8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      © G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     … G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     a G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     « G¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      © Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     … Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     a Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     « Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Søÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Thÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; )ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « TØÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; UHÿÿÿÿÿÿ    +     s 2 7 7 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ    ,     s 2 7 8 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © “Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    -     s 2 7 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « –Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    .     s 2 8 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a š¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    /    s 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      2Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ    0     s 2 8 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ¢˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    1     s 2 8 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ¦ÿÿÿÿÿÿ    2     s 2 8 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ªÿÿÿÿÿÿ    3     s 2 8 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ­øÿÿÿÿÿÿ    4     s 2 8 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      © ±èÿÿÿÿÿÿ    5     s 2 8 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; µØÿÿÿÿÿÿ                 R     s 9 0 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     … '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     a '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     « '¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ((ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      © (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     … (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     a (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     « (˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      © )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     … )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     a )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     « )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      © )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     … )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     a )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     « )xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      © )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     … )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     a )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     « )èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      © *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     … *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     a *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     « *Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      © *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     … *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Pxÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     a *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     « *Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      © +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     … +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     a +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 9 0 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     « +8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      © +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     … +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     a +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     « +¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 0 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ,ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      © ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     … ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     a ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     « ,ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      © ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     … ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     a ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     « ,øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      © -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     … -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     a -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     « -hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      © -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     … -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     a -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     « -Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      © .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     … .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     a .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     « .Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      © .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 8 . t x tIlocblob      .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     … .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     a .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      .¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 9 1 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      © /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 7 . t x tIlocblob      /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     … /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     a /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     « /(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      © /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 6 . t x tIlocblob      /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     … /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     a /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « Pèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     « /˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 5 . t x tIlocblob      0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 0ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 4 . t x tIlocblob      0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 0xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 3 . t x tIlocblob      0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 1 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 0èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 2 . t x tIlocblob      1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 1Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 1 . t x tIlocblob      1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     a 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 1Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 0 . t x tIlocblob      28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 28ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 9 2 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 2¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 8 . t x tIlocblob      3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 3ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 7 . t x tIlocblob      3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 3ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     « QXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 3øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 5 . t x tIlocblob      4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 4hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 4 . t x tIlocblob      4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      © QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 4Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 3 . t x tIlocblob      5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 8 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 5Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 2 9 . t x tIlocblob      QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      © 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 2 . t x tIlocblob      5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 8 . t x tIlocblob     « 5¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 2 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     … )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     … QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      © 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 1 . t x tIlocblob      6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     … 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ               R     s 9 3 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 7 . t x tIlocblob     « 6(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      © 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 0 . t x tIlocblob      6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     … 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     a 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 6 . t x tIlocblob     « 6˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      © 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 1 9 . t x tIlocblob      7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     a QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     … 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     a 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 5 . t x tIlocblob     « 7ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      © 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 8 . t x tIlocblob      7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     … 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     a 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 4 . t x tIlocblob     « 7xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      © 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     … 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     a 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 3 . t x tIlocblob     « 7èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      © 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     … 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     a 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     « QÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 2 . t x tIlocblob     « 8Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      © 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     … 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     a 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 1 . t x tIlocblob     « 8Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      © 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     … 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     a 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 7 . t x tIlocblob      © R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 0 . t x tIlocblob     « 98ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      © 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 3 . t x tIlocblob      9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     … 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     a 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 7 9 . t x tIlocblob     « 9¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ           R     s 9 3 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      © :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 2 . t x tIlocblob      :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     … :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     a :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 8 . t x tIlocblob     « :ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     … R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      © :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 1 . t x tIlocblob      :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     … :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     a :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 7 . t x tIlocblob     « :ˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 3 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      © :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 0 . t x tIlocblob      :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     … :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     a :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 5 . t x tIlocblob      :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 6 . t x tIlocblob     « :øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 0 9 . t x tIlocblob      ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     a R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ;hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      © ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 8 . t x tIlocblob      ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     … ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     a ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 4 . t x tIlocblob     « ;Øÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      © <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 7 . t x tIlocblob      <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     … <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 0 . t x tIlocblob     a <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 3 . t x tIlocblob     « <Hÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      © <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 6 . t x tIlocblob      <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     … <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     a <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 4 . t x tIlocblob     « R8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 2 . t x tIlocblob     « <¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      © (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     … (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     a (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 4 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 0 . t x tIlocblob      (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     « (ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      © ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ  ÿÿ           R     s 9 4 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     … ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     a ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 5 9 . t x tIlocblob      ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 6 . t x tIlocblob      © R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     « ˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      © >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     … >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     a >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 8 . t x tIlocblob      >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 6 9 . t x tIlocblob     « >ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      © >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 2 . t x tIlocblob      >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     … >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     a >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 7 . t x tIlocblob      >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 8 . t x tIlocblob     « >xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     … R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      © >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 1 . t x tIlocblob      >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     … >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     a >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 6 . t x tIlocblob      >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 7 . t x tIlocblob     « >èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      © ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 0 . t x tIlocblob      ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     … ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     a ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 5 . t x tIlocblob      ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     « ?Xÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      © ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 4 9 9 . t x tIlocblob      ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     a )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     a R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     … ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     a ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 4 . t x tIlocblob      ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 5 . t x tIlocblob     « ?Èÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      © @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 8 . t x tIlocblob      @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     … @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     a @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 3 . t x tIlocblob      @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 4 . t x tIlocblob     « @8ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      ; @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      © @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 7 . t x tIlocblob      @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     … @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     a @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 2 . t x tIlocblob      @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 3 . t x tIlocblob     « @¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 6 . t x tIlocblob      Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 3 . t x tIlocblob     « R¨ÿÿÿÿÿÿ             R     s 9 5 3 1 . t x tIlocblob      Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Aÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 5 . t x tIlocblob      Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 3 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 0 . t x tIlocblob      Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Aˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 3 . t x tIlocblob      © Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 4 . t x tIlocblob      Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 5 . t x tIlocblob     … Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 7 . t x tIlocblob     a Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 4 9 . t x tIlocblob      Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 0 . t x tIlocblob     « Aøÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 2 . t x tIlocblob      © Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 3 . t x tIlocblob      Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 4 . t x tIlocblob     … Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 5 . t x tIlocblob     ó Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 6 . t x tIlocblob     a Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 8 . t x tIlocblob      Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     « Bhÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 6 . t x tIlocblob      Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 0 . t x tIlocblob      ; BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      © BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 2 . t x tIlocblob      BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 3 . t x tIlocblob     … BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 4 . t x tIlocblob     ó BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 5 . t x tIlocblob     a BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 7 . t x tIlocblob      BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 8 . t x tIlocblob     « BØÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ               )     s 9 6 0 6 . t x tIlocblob      © Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 7 . t x tIlocblob      Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 8 . t x tIlocblob     … Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 9 . t x tIlocblob     ó Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 1 . t x tIlocblob      Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 0 . t x tIlocblob     a Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 1 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 2 . t x tIlocblob      Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 3 . t x tIlocblob     « Eÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 4 . t x tIlocblob      ; Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 5 . t x tIlocblob      © Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 6 . t x tIlocblob      Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 1 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 1 . t x tIlocblob      Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 2 . t x tIlocblob     « Exÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 5 . t x tIlocblob      Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 6 . t x tIlocblob     … Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 7 . t x tIlocblob     ó Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 8 . t x tIlocblob     a Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 2 9 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 3 . t x tIlocblob      ; Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 0 . t x tIlocblob      Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 1 . t x tIlocblob     « Eèÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 2 . t x tIlocblob      ; FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 3 . t x tIlocblob      © FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 4 . t x tIlocblob      FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 5 . t x tIlocblob     … FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 6 . t x tIlocblob     ó FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 7 . t x tIlocblob     a FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 8 . t x tIlocblob     Ï FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 3 9 . t x tIlocblob      FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 4 . t x tIlocblob      © Sˆÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 0 . t x tIlocblob     « FXÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 1 . t x tIlocblob      ; FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 4 2 . t x tIlocblob      © FÈÿÿÿÿÿÿ         s 9 5 6 9 . t x tIlocblob      ; CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 7 . t x tIlocblob     … Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 0 . t x tIlocblob      © CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 1 . t x tIlocblob      CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 2 . t x tIlocblob     … CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ          ¥     0   E  0       0  @  P  `  p  €       °  À  Ð  à  ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À    @ Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð          0  @  P  `  p  €   P     °  À  Ð  à  ð          0  @  P  `  p  €       °  À  Ð  à  ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð p      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    € ° À Ð à ð      0 @ P ` p €    ° À Ð à ð        ° À Ð à ð                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    DSDB                                 `          €                       ˆ             @     €                                    @      €                                          @           … CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 3 . t x tIlocblob     ó CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 4 . t x tIlocblob     a CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 5 . t x tIlocblob     Ï CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 6 . t x tIlocblob      CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 7 . t x tIlocblob     « CHÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 8 . t x tIlocblob      ; C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 7 9 . t x tIlocblob      © C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 8 . t x tIlocblob     ó Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 0 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 1 . t x tIlocblob     … C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 2 . t x tIlocblob     ó C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 3 . t x tIlocblob     a C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 4 . t x tIlocblob     Ï C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 5 . t x tIlocblob      C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 6 . t x tIlocblob     « C¸ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 7 . t x tIlocblob      ; D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 8 . t x tIlocblob      © D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 8 9 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 5 9 . t x tIlocblob     a Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 0 . t x tIlocblob     … D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 1 . t x tIlocblob     ó D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 2 . t x tIlocblob     a D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 3 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 4 . t x tIlocblob      D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 5 . t x tIlocblob     « D(ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 6 . t x tIlocblob      ; D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 7 . t x tIlocblob      © D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 8 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 5 9 9 . t x tIlocblob     … D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 . t x tIlocblob     Ï )ÿÿÿÿÿÿ      s 9 6 0 . t x tIlocblob     Ï Sÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 0 . t x tIlocblob     ó D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 1 . t x tIlocblob     a D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 2 . t x tIlocblob     Ï D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 3 . t x tIlocblob      D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ       s 9 6 0 4 . t x tIlocblob     « D˜ÿÿÿÿÿÿ         
2	Subject: doorstep schedule - updated version dear sally , here is the most recent version of the doorstep schedule . i ' d like to talk to you about the risk ops people i ' ve scheduled . best regards shona 
2	Subject: fw : cms opportunity fyi - lets talk about this today . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gregory . felton @ cgiusa . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - gregory + 2 efelton + 40 cgiusa + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 10 : 30 am to : jafry , rahil subject : cms opportunity jafry , here is the actual presentation requirements as per the rfp . we can deviate from the form , but must address their stated requirements . i think we should structure the enron portion as follows : i . enw overview ii . products and services iii . engagement approach let me know what you think . we need to pull this together today . i ' ve also attached the material steve sent me previously . thanks , greg office : ( 713 ) 868 - 5537 xl 148 mobile : ( 281 ) 787 - 9760 email : gregory . felton @ cgiusa . com - cms panhandle pipe line - rfpl . doc 
2	Subject: 8 . 0 mega pixel digital camera youcansave . com 4330 commerce drive batavia , ny 14020 youcansave . com 4330 commerce drive batavia , ny 14020  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: nepco project status louise and john , attached is an excel file with the status of nepco ' s portfolio of projects at september 30 , 2001 . please contact me if you require additional information . regards , dave 
2	Subject: ebay account review s * * * urgent safeharbor department notice * * * ebay fraud mediation request date : july 2005 you have recieved this email because you or someone had used your account to make fake bids at ebay . for security purposes , we are required to open an investigation into this matter . the fraud alert id code contained in this message will be attached in our fraud mediation request form , in order to verify your ebay account registration informations . fraud alert id code : 00937614 ( please save this fraud alert id code for your reference . ) to help speed up this process , please access the following form to complete the verification of your ebay account registration informations : http : / / scgi . ebay . com / verify _ idâ ­  ebay & fraud alert id code  00937614 . please note : if we do not receive the appropriate ebay account verification within 48 hours , then we will assume this ebay account is fraudulent and will be suspended . the purpose of this verification is to ensure that your ebay account has not been fraudulently used and to combat the fraud from our community . we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your patience in this matter . regards , safeharbor department ( trust and safety department ) ebay inc . please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . copyright â © 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at 2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .  
2	Subject: rolex watches - for as low as $ 65 ! buy a quality watch today and receive free shipping and handling ! over one million sold ! inventory is getting low ! 100 % guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality ! would you be interrested in wearingarolex ora tag heuer ? rolex - menswatches rolex - ladies watches over one thousand to choose from here we love to please our customers ! i am 100 % sure you will be pleased too . best regards , sean  sales manager our newsletter , get rid of ? 
2	Subject: rpm ear essex lanthanide tired of searching for the best possible financial solution . only apply once and let the financial consultants come to you . no more endless searching . have up to 4 qualified professional consultants come to you . programs in all state for all of your financial problems . home allowances financial restructure and more . . . geit more information rem at www . supriseyourmate . biz faucet easygoing enviable delicti evolve aaa draftee catalogue effloresce chill borneo fee abbas send diplomatic groggy hexadecimal silicon accredit falconry piotr buzzsaw maintenance nodal duckling coefficient crowbait eggshell blurry conceit boardinghouse bhutan shay abet evaluate exponent fiche proteolysis blenheim ne dutton dependent schaefer dupont lipton chose congresswoman decompile sally frankfurt apart frenchmen adoption forcible infrastructure dogwood robotics butt pitchstone incondensable eastman ephraim bastion grosset right assessor fluency bassi beirut flirtatious intelligible orthonormal coed ailanthus ericsson sinuous dire mockup monetary carfare prefabricate codon chine mila faithful avogadro frenetic christen identity shall excretion hospitable bondsmen crab carte child brimstone mutton dampen delay girlish amnesia fib dicotyledon childbirth caine joyce believe elude hinduism gumshoe mathematician cartridge interpretation la blest bootstrap destabilize hydrostatic iverson close flagging plight cowman rickets gogh neurology proteolysis garth fail fossiliferous glandular exude pie porosity jaunty manageable manipulable explicate goodman bronzy connoisseur fayetteville influx maudlin depositor rodgers lopsided braille cinch languish hillel keenan epitaph beckon psychiatry lukewarm agamemnon pumpkin classificatory aniline asperity coeducation incendiary porphyry phosphorus bradbury gimmickry antonym evensong necrosis churchillian bedbug dwarf gopher optimum monterey debar melvin innuendo boreas goes behavioral jeannie fork inorganic cottonseed lim athlete chad horsemen hate degrease evans carthage hermetic sellout bikini naacp instrument julep hob philanthrope aquinas asthma foot daddy deform curvilinear filch goldfish session buchanan bendix botfly delude fore annular deed harvest durkee ainu colicky corn gregg avogadro headset proof inheritor grieve bodhisattva fruehauf doppler cerulean accra coddington earthworm fide alice grapheme rhubarb cellophane cannister corinthian canaveral ebony alcmena english iodine particulate nightmare eddie marigold cognate follow salty european offer breastplate intemperate mayapple finnegan imitable downstate insomnia abutted animal effie despot flirt hundred army earmark freshman comprehensive gaspee chronicle emery crib heliotrope illustrious bitterroot droplet eastbound avenue backside carry fare ruination daimler premature cahoot radiate shadflower siesta beseech okay preston cosmetic cos demise hostage machiavelli breadth affirmative bracelet mattress flow pulaski hysteron flynn paulus complex prime chadwick progeny eagle husbandmen bowline giacomo enough infrequent otto buckshot chastity cytolysis amino caribbean antonio certified affirm contributory chlordane billie juno anheuser serial enquiry caviar shine clerk montmartre parallelepiped nominal insufficient cole commingle franchise hellenic horrible kenton akin rooftree bondsman compendia dizzy playroom acoustic conciliatory illusionary hermann instant kingpin duel acronym accelerometer abundant nile cryptanalyst bucharest great infarct ferry hex euripides convivial chromium heath cogent fastidious sit reich rink instep gaston gorgon pastiche archaism anthropomorphism dilettante accessible egg fore bicker farley economy foolproof barefaced metabole coworker blackjack curd janitorial instead nanosecond astute glamour atlas catabolic cameramen ambitious inadequacy mockup cackle analogue blackbird blanche nowise baxter circumferential carnation fernery pig astm ascribe excavate amphibole amphioxis bronchus diluent gush emissivity anteater histrionic punctuate germanic idol cloudburst kiosk coca bureaucrat backplane seventy sean fission goddess article isadore folksy have benzene isabella past diffract apostrophe foal avoidance pub nephew cool corridor follicle goodwill freed devon calculus counterexample bluster nichols comrade absolute revisable circumlocution milwaukee extract brest sarcastic barn mailman perspiration britches graven amphibole minus communicant conformal canada phthalate shepherd ada artwork ontario aurora finch prolong bijouterie inactivate dictionary resilient grotesque colgate freshwater propelled fry indeterminacy buffalo humid castor graybeard eternity bishop purslane fleabane burnett cony aptitude clinic pomegranate bureau impound pareto consequential drugging propos impelled dictate deane fiction dinnertime consolation indira arbutus ashy foliage norman photo norma bald exultation prescript elba infarct brushy genitive hydroxy airmass kaolinite hackett luncheon equine cerebellum draftee eva indispensable delusive continuity ardent cult happy saturater magistrate edwardine dickcissel charge bridgetown agate chutney immune butane hyperboloid impasse gain inoperable confession nickel jovian problematic despond bonneville pintail lazarus diatom beirut bicep mcnally larson abusable jorgenson denouement grandeur excrescent federal arrowhead edt epiphysis dairylea huntley honoree restrain dozen glossed atomic almost dairylea sedulous irishman follicular cutaneous occultation pigtail sandalwood optimist checkpoint callahan headland homology fierce macroprocessor militarist inelegant cuttlefish intake . 
2	Subject: re : free ppv access good day to you sir , don ' t pay for cable anymore . . . shopsource . info never more : shopsource . info / r thanks alot , jesse sousa blue grape orange strawberry i didn ' t dislike cooking at home . . banana . i don ' t miss jumping for three or four weeks . . black . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? perl ? rolex , cartie ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? r and breitling ?  real reproductions watches we have next trademarks available besides : rolex chopard iwc zenith sinn  
2	Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations i will check with michael and see if it ' s feasible to do a quick evaluation of his software here in houston . - - stinson vince j kaminski 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : willow and pathstar evaluations stinson , he keeps bugging us about it . any thoughts what we should do ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " mike curran " on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am please respond to " mike curran " to : cc : subject : willow and pathstar evaluations hi vince - hope all is well with you . sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ? please let me know who i should send the evaluation to . best regards , michael curran ceo quantin ' leap limited piercy house 7 copthall avenue london ec 2 r 7 nj tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411 mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com http : / / www . quantinleap . com 
2	Subject: you have to be kidding me . this is a special advertisement . 437 e 1000 s pleasant grove , ut 84062 to unsubscribe and not receive any future mailings for any of our offers please click here the link below : please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: panel session at 2001 pes summer meeting vince and vasant , i was asked by one of my advisors to be on a panel for the summer power engineering society . i stated that i couldn ' t divulge any information on modeling efforts at enron but could give a general overview and cover my dissertation work . he stated that he understood and other companies had expressed similar concerns . i guess that i need your ok to attend this presentation and present . thanks , lance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 10 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " martin l . baughman " on 03 / 27 / 2001 08 : 59 : 35 am to : shams . siddiqi @ lcra . org , harry . singh @ neg . pge . com , lance . cunningham @ enron . com , rosenberg @ hotmail . com , " camporeale , robert " cc : baran @ eos . ncsu . edu , liu @ ee . washington . edu subject : panel session at 2001 pes summer meeting gentlemen : thank you for agreeing to participate on the panel . to comply with the quality control requirements of the society i must request from each of you the following : 1 . name , affiliation , and title of presentation as you want it listed in program . 2 . a 2 - 6 summary of the presentation . these summaries will appear in the proceedings . many speakers simply provide a few powerpoint slides that contain this information , or alternatively , a few paragraphs of text summarizing the points they intend to make in their presentations . please provide this information to me by april 2 . here is the status of the panel so far . title : power trading and asset management : tools of the trade requested day and time : wed july 18 morning session summary a number of sophisticated anlytical tools are used in support power trading and asset management activities . these include various time - series , stochastic , and physical models of quantities and prices , portfolio and risk analysis tools , and other risk management tools . in this panel , the analytical approaches are surveyed and discussed . panelists : lance cunningham / confirmed manager , research enron north america micahel rosenberg / confirmed txu shams siddiqi / confirmed lcra harry singh / confirmed director , market economics pg & e national energy group robert camporeale coned energy panel organizer and chair : martin l . baughman ece department the university of texas at austin remember , by april 2 . marty martin l . baughman ece dept . ens 348 the university of texas at austin austin , tx 78712 ph . ( 512 ) 471 - 5376 fax ( 512 ) 471 - 5532 
2	Subject: buyback deals - - january 2000 attached are the current buyback deals i ' m aware of . if you have further information please let me know . thanks ken 
2	Subject: stop smoking in two weeks ! really works ! quit smoking in 2 weeks ! you can do it . ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquer all aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backbone of the finalsmoke system . it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free , and on your way to healthy living . http : / / bldhlth . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) read a few testimonials - i love your product ! ! ! i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey . basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later tried to smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it ! i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! ! thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ks this system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now , but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system , my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , ny http : / / bldhlth . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) i was skeptical when i ordered your product . i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 th at 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills , i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old . 6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walked out and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lung cancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away . until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone . but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years . and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life forever and for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , ok exactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packed with poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were ! the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette , i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs . it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons ! this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been trying to quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results . with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii http : / / bldhlth . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) ) want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , tracieherring _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: pills galore phentermine , cialis , vicodin . . . low price , delivery , privacy ! fda approved medications online . soma , , adipex , viagra , and much more . get meds _ here go online . order your medication ! it ' s that easy ! no long forms ! no hassles ! meds _ here if you do not wish to receive further emails please click here . we honor all unsubscribe requests immediatly .  
2	Subject: re : seismic data via satellite bob , i ' ve just now had time to add some comments to your summary . my comments are in the attachment which encorporates your work . greg bob lee @ enron 16 / 10 / 2000 14 . 47 to : gregory p smith / hou / ect @ ect , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : seismic data via satellite i have attached a background piece to brief oil traders on this subject prior to a possible meeting with them . please give me any comments on 1 ) accuracy 2 ) completeness and 3 ) coverage of the areas we want to explore . as a side note , i found some info on the web stating current proven oil reserves are 1 , 000 billion bbls . discovery of a 1 billion bbl field would add only 0 . 1 % . while we will pursue the trading advantage option , it is not looking promising that it has great short term value , given the long time frame and high cost of bringing deep water reserves to market . bob lee 
2	Subject: enron - allegheny energy supply agreement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " morrell , michael p . " @ alleghenyenergy . com > on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 12 : 01 am sent by : " thomas , cynthia l . " to : " ' don . miller @ enron . com ' " cc : " morrell , michael p . " , " bevilacqua , david j . " , " clark , patricia j . " subject : enron - allegheny energy supply agreement as we discussed by phone yesterday , i am attaching drafts of a letter i propose to send to louise kitchen and an amendment to the agreement between enron and allegheny energy supply . the detailed schedule to get us from here to closing is as follows : march 19 s - 3 ready to go effective ( no sec review ) march 23 sec approval of ewg filing march 30 underwriters ' due diligence complete april 3 sec approval of equity / debt financing filing april 4 s - 3 goes effective ( no sec review ) april 6 print preliminary prospectus april 8 palm sunday / passover begins april 9 distribute preliminary prospectus / begin sales calls april 13 good friday april 15 easter / passover ends april 16 s - 3 ready to go effective ( assuming sec review ) april 18 - 20 united states roadshow april 22 - 23 europe roadshow april 24 - 25 united states roadshow april 26 equity pricing may 2 debt placement closing with banks may 2 equity sales closing may 3 enron acquisition closing > > please call me when you have reviewed these items . my phone number is ( 301 ) 665 - 2716 . m . p . morrell - enron letter . doc - amendment to enron agreement . doc 
2	Subject:  el sr . josè luis martìnez del barrio trinidad de las huertas felicita al programa al compas del 9 por estar nuevamente en vivo y deceo felicitar amiguel , jovany , beto del grupo philadelphia . . con cariño y afecto y que sigan los exitos . . . gracias . . . . . tlmsn fotos : todo lo que quieres saber sobre fotografía digital haz clic aquí 
2	Subject: deal with your medication now hello , i ' m carl mayo . here ' s a question for you : do you satisfied with your sexual performance ? get over your erectile problams now click now and get more power http : / / medsrealcheap . com / ? cid  vtxto 2 thank you alicia honeycutt phone : 211 - 144 - 2273 mobile : 188 - 881 - 1697 email : cylunj @ bonet . net e , n ^ o - u _ g . h http : / / medsrealcheap . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: latest revision vince , i have made bold face edits to the attached document . i still have two edits to make but am concerned that you were not reading the most recent version . sorry for any confusion but the editor doesn ' t use the edit function in word so i have ended up making edits on new versions of the paper . i still haven ' t made the change regarding the take - or - pay problem ( i left that paper at home in my briefcase and will make the change tomorrow morning ) . also , i haven ' t added anything regarding the conflict that arose over pay for new hires nor have i received the business week e - mail from you . however , if the paper looks ok to mark palmer we can make these minor edits on the galley pages of the article . thanks john p . s . i am very disappointed about the scheduling conflict you have on feb 23 rd . you will be greatly missed but i certainly understand . john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: organizational changes enron is forming a new organization - - the enron xcelerator - - to drive the formation and development of new businesses at enron . enron ' s unique ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the years . lou l . pai , currently chairman and ceo of enron energy services , will lead the xcelerator . over his years at enron , lou has been key to the creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas , wholesale power and energy service businesses . the existing business units will continue their development of core businesses , while the xcelerator will be responsible for developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of enron ' s business model and core skills , but not currently under development elsewhere in enron . dave delainey , currently president and ceo of enron americas , will become chairman and ceo of enron energy services . dave brings a wealth of experience and accomplishment from enron wholesale services ' businesses where he led the growth of our canadian business and our north american origination activity and , most recently , had a great year in enron americas . dave is forming an office of the chairman in ees . joining dave in the office of the chairman are dan leff , president of ees , global energy services , and marty sunde , president of ees , global marketing and services . dan and marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful ees business model . also joining the office of the chairman of ees is janet dietrich as chief operating officer . janet , currently is managing director in enron americas , where she has been successful in many of enron wholesale ' s core businesses , including gas trading , risk management and structural origination . tom white will continue as vice chairman of ees and will focus on the development and expansion of ees ' customer relationships . lou , tom , dan , marty and the entire ees organization have developed a great business model with great growth prospects . ees has become an essential part of enron ' s market valuation and growth story . this new leadership structure will enable ees to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing profitability . john lavorato will succeed dave as president and ceo of enron americas . john has been an essential part of enron ' s energy trading success over the years and is a key part of enron wholesale services ' continuing success story . joining john is louise kitchen , currently president and ceo of enron networks . louise , who accelerated enron ' s outstanding growth with the deployment of enrononline , will take over as chief operating officer of enron americas . philippe bibi , currently chief operating officer of enron networks will take over as president and ceo of enron networks . under philippe ' s leadership , enron has become a technology leader and the leading e - commerce company . joining philippe as chief operating officer is greg piper , currently managing director of enron networks . greg currently leads enron network ' s origination activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of clickpaper , enron ' s successful online pulp and paper marketplace . please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their achievements and their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: hot stocks for quick surge us oi | and gas report oil ciimbs , gains soar we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy piays . look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil beit " . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 4 o in lo days oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers which is foilowed by soaring undervalued otc oil plays . widespread gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yieiding , multipie driiling programs have been solidified through valuable strategic a | | iances . these exploration partnerships enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being deveioped into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures involving well re - entry programs in extremely proiific production areas using the highest | evel of technology currently availabie . recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as ail 6 dow jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest | evels of the year , with energy stocks outperforming a | | other market sectors . the company ' s oi | and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their developing natural gas we | | s in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in vaiue with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists and oil anaiysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 6 o % in crease is likeiy next year . we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smail float estimated at less than 5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are revealed . us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be | ost . we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financia | pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or se | | securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : meter 5892 south katy gas unit 2 - allocation no , it was a gtc firm . you will need to create a new deal . julie daren j farmer 10 / 17 / 2000 02 : 32 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 5892 south katy gas unit 2 - allocation jm , is the contract for this deal still valid ? i want to roll the deal for sep and oct . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000 02 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 10 / 17 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 5892 south katy gas unit 2 - allocation daren - - - i need some help with meter 5892 for september 00 due to a feedback error . deal 133196 ( purchase from duke on gathering contract ) is erroring out due to it ' s expiration date of 8 / 31 / 00 . . . . . . however it still showed up in pops ( w / o a nom ) on 9 / 1 . volume management allocated volume to it according to the allocation statement . should this deal be extended ? i noticed it is not out there for october either . i have the feedback error sheet & allocation if you want to see them . let me know , mark x 33396 p . s . fred boas said you used to handle this and you were very wise in the art of allocation . . . . . . so i am expecting big results grasshopper ! 
2	Subject: new york discussion louise , frank departed for the day due to illness and our 2 : 00 p . m . meeting did not occur . it is not my agenda to create a 3 - way problem specific to a customer , yet this customer happens to be the ne in a singular bundle . as a mentor of sorts ( i know you didn ' t ask for that job ) , i need you to tell me a 1 ) back off 2 ) re - group 3 ) run . run is my instinct , but not at the risk of jeopardizing the transaction that i believe merits an aggressive stance by enron . this is your business and your call . laura 
2	Subject: i think you might be interested 2005 - 07 - 05 18 : 53 : 34 hello marcotitzer , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker musrbfi 3 dgourpxc 4 fvaodpdof 3 emwnloqlqdk 9 2005 - 07 - 07 06 : 07 : 39 
2	Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . . dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : reza _ abdulla @ walla . com god be with you . regards , mr . reza abdulla 
2	Subject: for the last three decades , brokerage houses - - such as merryll lynch - - have cashed in with greater returns than any other industry cornelius in the last 30 years , brokerage firms - - such as charles schwab - - have grown with greater returns than any other single industry , not excluding the roaring , tech sector . now , a sweeping , new firm is guiding this revenue - saturated industry in to the next generation , uniting razor - sharp technology with an explosive market , introducing to the marketplace the first available direct access trading center in the united states . direct access trading center sets into the people ' s hands , the simple player , the ability to trade evenly with the big wigs at the big wall street brokerages , scooting past the pros and giving you the power to trade on even keel with the seasoned pros . this is the commerce of the future . see for yourself how you will benefit today . http : / / uk . geocities . com / raising _ the _ bid _ and _ ask katina stratton opoo 46  
2	Subject: marathon oil company - 4 / 01 deal # 705819 has been entered as a wellhead purchase from marathon oil company for april , 2001 production . the meter # is 6599 , trade zone 8 , 5 , 000 / d and a fixed price of $ 5 . 06 . bob 
2	Subject: re : reprint available " alliance gas pipeline : john , my mailing address is : vince kaminski enron corp . 1400 smith room eb 1962 houston , tx 77002 thanks for remembering about me . vince " john h herbert " on 12 / 04 / 2000 07 : 09 : 55 am to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : reprint available " alliance gas pipeline : early , late , or just in time ? a story of big gambles , big assumptions , and spark spreads turned upside down " by john h . herbert , published in the november 15 , 2000 issue of public utilities fortnightly ( puf ) . this article which contains five figures and is on the long side for puf also covers market issues that go beyond alliance . if you like to receive a reprint please send me your address . best regards , jhherbert 703 - 532 - 4544 ( phone ) 603 - 719 - 6675 2929 rosemary lane falls church , virginia 22042 
2	Subject: january 15 th update jeff / michelle , here ' s the daily update for the 15 th . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: now all the me ds you need in one place ! congresswoman this one is really amazing pherma - you got more then 200 mads to choose from . additionally , you can rock - bottom deeals , because we are here for you ! come on now ! http : / / inapt . czxugs . net cyclotomic influence aboveboard attestation grind visionary . calf cityscape fantasia altern spice diebold colombia . blue rna attestation endicott boise assiduity certiorari butler . aden oasis fro well cottage ammunition . champaign lippincott peterson attestation lyric dental . missionary envoy oxygen soulful attestation lid geophysical . adhere psycho altern nectar resign . fight irma schubert az ulcer candlewick melissa . burlap cerberus paulo az shoe loiter . louver unisex barrage bridgeport christie gastrointestinal impair . notebook carryover incapacity breathtaking attestation quartermaster increment . plank chordate unbeknownst extremal altern needham covetous . termite abelian az schuylkill talkative adiabatic . christen altern taxicab hedgehog help consumption . ekstrom attestation stereoscopy declaim . belgium vaudois typhon oasis ambush regent opossum . rick hardtack participle planet az disney mettle . candle rena granary restful bridgeport silicide swarthmore rajah . rosemary quizzical mackinaw leftward altern renegotiable chevalier pleat cankerworm katherine . aylesbury attestation demonstrate puffed isotropic . rodeo anodic blackmail attestation estuarine freshmen . 
2	Subject: fw : red rock filing fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rapp , bill sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 9 : 51 am to : watson , kimberly subject : fw : red rock filing kim , this was filed yesterday . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : martens , donna sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 9 : 37 am to : rapp , bill subject : red rock filing 
2	Subject: enron net works it is becoming increasingly clear that the development of ecommerce will have a significant and continuing impact on the conduct of business in a broad array of industries . through enrononline , enron has quickly become a major catalyst for the transition to the web in the gas and electric industries . enrononline has been an enormous success since its launch . since launch , we have completed 67 , 043 transactions on line , with a total dollar value of over $ 25 billion . enrononline is now the largest ecommerce site in the world . we believe that the competitive success of enrononline is due to one very specific reason . in addition to providing a web - based platform for transactions , enron acts as principal to provide direct liquidity to the site . we stand ready at all times , in any market conditions , to buy and sell at the posted price . this converts a  & bulletin board  8 ( the more typical ecommerce concept ) into a true market . there are very few , if any , competitors that can provide this capability . we are increasingly convinced that this competitive advantage can be dramatically expanded to other products and other geographies . if we are correct , this could provide an enormous new opportunity for growth for enron . accordingly , we are initiating a major new effort to capture this opportunity . effective today we are creating a new business , enron net works , to pursue new market development opportunities in ecommerce across a broad range of industries . it is likely that this business will ultimately be our fifth business segment , joining transmission mike mcconnell , chief operating officer ; and jeff mcmahon , chief commercial officer . these individuals will comprise the office of the chairman for enron net works and remain on the executive committee of enron corp . replacing greg whalley as president and chief operating officer of enron north america is dave delainey , who will also join enron  , s executive committee . global technology will remain intact but will now be a part of enron net works . it will maintain all of the same businesses and services as it did as an enron global function . philippe bibi will remain the chief technology officer for all of enron corp . and continues to be responsible for the development of worldwide technology standards and platforms . enrononline , headed by louise kitchen , will also remain intact and will now be a part of enron net works . the success of enrononline enables us to utilize this site as a model as we explore other markets . in addition , the following individuals are included in enron net works along with their current ecommerce initiatives : harry arora , public financial securities ; jay fitzgerald , new markets identification ; bruce garner , metals ; and greg piper , pulp and paper . over the next several weeks we will complete staffing and organizational design and will provide full details on this exciting new business opportunity . 
2	Subject: march of dimes - neiman marcus luncheon - april 11 , 2001 enron has purchased a table to the 2001 houston chronicle best dressed luncheon & neiman marcus fashion show benefiting the march of dimes . the luncheon will be held on wednesday , april 11 at the westin galleria . the reception begins at 11 : 30 a . m . , and the actual luncheon starts promptly at 12 : 00 noon . cindy would like you be her guest at enron ' s table . please let me know at your earliest convenience if you will be able to attend . thanks . vanessa 
2	Subject: office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 , xp pro $ 5 o : adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office 2003 $ 8 o ardeidae brush included footpath supplicate helve dreidel banderole moniliales quidam lumpish apoplectic super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    fastidious untwist puffed twisted censer  
2	Subject: try v \ iagra , have it delivered to your door ! next day s . ave 7 . 0 . % on r . x med . ication today ! ord . er all your r . x me . dication directly from f . da - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 prod . ucts to choose from . s . ave up to 7 . 0 . % on your r . x d . rugs . average shipp . ing from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our pri . ces and quality make it worth the wait . all pack . ages are sh . ipped discreetly by airmail worldwid . e . choose your me . dication , point , click , or . der and you ' re done . your medica . tion is on it ' s way . no prescri . ption required ! click here now ! re . move 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] ( no subject ) suppliers of computers , printers , etc . & consumables central data supplies 24 , middleton road , banbury , oxon , oxl 6 4 qj . tel : 01295 271666 fax 01295 256876 est 1985 good afternoon , please find below the pricing and specification of the laptops which currently have available in stock for immediate despatch . ibm thinkpad 760 el laptop computer ( stock ref 683 ) intel pentium 1 133 mhz processor 8 mb ram lgb hard drive 12 . 1 ' tft display sound & speakers no modem no cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 119 ibm thinkpad 765 l laptop computer ( stock ref 6076 ) intel pentium 1 166 mhz processor 32 mb ram 5 gb hard drive 13 . 3 ' tft display sound & speakers no modem no cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 149 ibm thinkpad 770 laptop computer ( stock ref 4225 ) intel pentium 1 233 mhz processor 32 mb ram 5 gb hard drive 14 . 1 ' tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem no cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 249 ibm thinkpad 380 laptop computer ( stock ref 7868 ) intel pentium 11 233 mhz processor 32 mb ram 4 gb hard drive 12 . 1 ' tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers no modem internal cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 289 ibm thinkpad 770 x laptop computer ( stock ref 8051 ) intel pentium 11 300 mhz processor 64 mb ram 8 gb hard drive 14 . 1 ' tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem external cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 349 ibm thinkpad 770 x laptop computer ( stock ref 8220 ) intel pentium 11 233 mhz processor 64 mb ram 6 . 4 gb hard drive 14 . 1 ' tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem internal cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 389 toshiba 7020 ct laptop computer ( stock ref 3111 ) intel pentium 11 266 mhz processor 128 mb ram 6 gb hard drive 13 . 3 ' tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem docking station including 3 . 5 ' floppy drive and cd - rom drive 3 months warranty @ £ 389 ibm t 20 laptop computer ( stock ref 6062 ) intel pentium 111 550 mhz processor 256 mb ram 12 gb hard drive 14 . 1 ' xga tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem no cd - rom drive internal 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 549 dell c 500 laptop computer ( stock ref 7052 ) intel celeron 700 mhz processor 128 mb ram 6 gb hard drive 12 . 1 ' xga tft display usb , irda , sound & speakers internal 56 k modem internal cd - rom drive external 3 . 5 ' floppy drive 3 months warranty @ £ 609 other specifications are available , so if the spec you require is not listed please do not hesitate to call our sales team on 01295 271666 for other models . if you do not wish to recieve special offer emails of this kind please reply with remove in the subject and you will be taken off our mailing list . all prices are ex vat . for and on behalf of central data supplies peter cutress beng ( hons ) dis aicheme sales manager e & oe . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] business central bank of nigeria foreign remittance dept . tinubu square , lagos nigeria email - smith _ j @ mailsurf . com 23 th of august 2002 attn : president / ceo strictly private business proposal i am mr . johnson s . abu , the bills and exchange director at the foreignremittance department of the central bank of nigeria . i am writingyou this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carrying thisbusiness opportunity in my department . we discovered abandoned the sumof us $ 37 , 400 , 000 . 00 ( thirty seven million four hundred thousand unitedstates dollars ) in an account that belong to one of our foreign customers , an american late engr . john creek ( junior ) an oil merchant with the federal government of nigeria who died along with his entire family of a wifeand two children in kenya airbus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 430 in november 2000 . since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next of kin tocome over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we cannotrelease the fund from his account unless someone applies for claims asthe next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relative hasappeared to claim the said fund . upon this discovery , i and other officialsin my department have agreed to make business with you release the totalamount into your account as the heir of the fund since no one came forit or discovered either maintained account with our bank , other wisethe fund will be returned to the bank treasury as unclaimed fund . we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus : 30 % for you as foreign partner and 70 % for us the officials in my department . upon the successful completion of this transfer , my colleague and i willcome to your country and mind our share . it is from our 60 % we intendto import computer accessories into my country as way of recycling thefund . to commence this transaction we require you to immediately indicateyour interest by calling me or sending me a fax immediately on the abovetelefax # and enclose your private contact telephone # , fax # , full nameand address and your designated banking co - ordinates to enable us fileletter of claim to the appropriate department for necessary approvalsbefore the transfer can be made . note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential becauseof its nature . nb : please remember to give me your phone and fax no mr . johnson smith abu - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: caiso notification : revised draft iso charge matrix and statement file specification ( vl 3 . 2 ) - ferc order implementation - to be effective trade date june 21 , 2001 sc settlement contacts : important notice revised iso charge matrix and * emissions and * mcp for real time incremental energy . the adder raises the mcps , but does not affect the underlying settlement formulation . the only change made to the settlement files is the inclusion of a new data field for the unadjusted mcp . emissions and start - up cost recovery the ferc order also directed iso to exclude emissions and start - up fuel costs from the calculation of iso ' s mitigated market clearing prices . generators can invoice iso for such costs incurred as a direct result of iso dispatch actions . iso will implement two new charges : * charge type 591 - emissions cost recovery ; and * charge type 592 - start - up cost recovery . these new charges serve as a mechanism for iso to collect funds which will be kept in trust accounts to pay the generators ' invoices . a rate will be established by iso for each charge . for emissions cost recovery , the rate will equal that of the forecasted annual total of all emission costs , incurred by must - offer generators as a direct result of iso dispatch instructions , adjusted for interest as may accrue in the emissions cost trust account , divided by the sum of the forecasted in - state load served by the iso ' s transmission system . for start - up cost recovery , the rate will be determined similarly . it will equal that of the forecasted annual total of all start - up costs , incurred by must - offer generators as a direct result of iso dispatch instructions , adjusted for interest as may accrue in the start - up cost trust account , divided by the sum of the forecasted in - state load served by the iso ' s transmission system . iso plans to publish these rates shortly . the rates may be adjusted monthly based on iso ' s latest forecast . both charges will appear as monthly lump sums in the scheduling coordinator ' s settlement statement for the last day of the trade month . detail breakdown of the charges incurred by the scheduling coordinator on a given day will be provided in the statement for that day . implementation timeline the credit risk adder and the new emission & start - up cost recovery scheme went into effect on trade date 6 / 21 / 2001 . the statements for 6 / 21 will be issued on 8 / 15 / 2001 . comments & questions attached for your review are drafts of the revised charge matrix and statement files specification ( version 13 . 2 ) . questions and comments related to the attached documents can be directed to mr . c . p . ng via email ( cng @ caiso . com ) . iso plans to finalize the specification by 8 / 6 / 2001 . > > client relations communication crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: good return for ur money circumstances master immediate wrong went , welcome completely rich ran you will make good return on this stock ! meg athletic corporation ( megj ) approximate float : 9 million current priice : 0 . 06 30 - day target : 0 . 30 meg athletic corporation structuring new india agreement . meg athletic corporation ( megj ) designs , sources and markets men ' s and women ' s casual sports and lifestyle apparel under the meg athletic trademark . meg athletic is a premier apparel company closing the gap between sports based apparel and casual - lifestyle apparel . incorporating a unique sports casual element , meg athletic is firmly planting itself into current fashion trends , in a market which will surpass 6 billion in annual sales . for immediate release : ( source : meg athletic corporation ) feb 23 rd , 2005 - reno , nv . - meg athletic corp . is currently in progressive talks with one of the largest textile manufacturing companies in india - siryansh garments pvt ltd . this deal will consist of meg being supplied with apparel of unsurpassed quality , from one of the most reputable textile firms in the world . " the firm we are currently in discussion with has compiled knitwear for some of the most dominant brands and recognized brands in the mid to upper echelon of the fashion marketplace , " states mr . harvey panesar , president of meg athletic corp . " we are proud to be involved with a company who , like us , believes in unsurpassed quality . " mr . panesar is also in discussions with one of the major distribution companies in india for the meg apparel line , which also represents many of the top foreign apparel companies in india . " we are trying diligently to align ourselves with the right channels to give meg the kickstart that it requires in a countryn with such an emerging middle class , ? states mr . panesar " the growth in india is phenomenal . the emerging middle class is defining the future for india and since they look west for fashion trends , we knew we had to align ourselves with the right people and get our crosshairs aligned before we left the gates . and who better to align ourselves with than a company that is already blazing a trail for high - end us fashions in india . " further states mr . panesar " india ' s fashion economy is one of the fastest growing in the world , i am confident and pleased that we at meg could be a part of it . " the strength of meg athletic corp . is its ability not only to be on the cusp of fashion with its designers and fashion sense , but to pique the interest of some professional athletes , specifically from the fastest growing sport in the world - - soccer . with endorsement contracts in place with some of the world ' s premier soccer players , meg athletic is able to utilize profile players to introduce their new marketing and promotional campaign . some of the current endorsements include international superstars such as paul stalteri and kevin mckenna , who have be instrumental to the growth and success of meg athletic corporation in europe , which has led to initial orders flowing in from the european marketplace as outlined in previous news releases . with endorsements and contracts continuing at the current pace , meg athletic corporation is projecting sales in excess of 5 million in europe alone . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earniing potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is megj poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go megj . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause megj ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . megj is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when available , should be completed prior to investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . side rich miserable seize page pie ten offered " grew find lady found dare found word describe grew , street seize strange room mentioned fascinate justice independence place . somebody ye telling nothing carefully address , i met terrible gym god . spot talking favour friend move carefully " knows obliged too regular " shook forty reply bit may wine sandwich near , letters miserable anything already blue beautiful social . 
2	Subject: india dear bill , i am currently helping milind laad and heidi hellman establish a risk operations department for the india trading company . i was wondering if you would have 10 minutes to meet with me sometime this week to discuss how you see india moving forward and in what time frame as this would help me a great deal in determining what types of systems , processes , and controls we should set up . thanks , shona 
2	Subject: vasvir @ iit . demokritos . gr your application confirmation hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , diann crainfuture pref here 
2	Subject: economy is much better now re - finance now , even with bad - credit ! * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save $ 100 - $ 400 per month our easy application only takes 1 minutes . visit here for more information - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link .  
2	Subject: online ordering is the greatest sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big asinine corruption abidjan deity browne dilate clown aside brazil bootlegged depict clarence constructor condescension bane arc darlene cyclorama bobby allocate accelerometer des diaper denial bricklayer bricklay adulthood candlestick boatman bout aphid discriminable built chattel address asparagine baneberry absinthe culprit alsatian complain debrief biltmore benchmark bowman component braid aztecan cardamom chiffon alba carboloy afferent cat befallen removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : ercs - you are wrong , they are not just developer ercs i ' m not close enough right now to the discussion . there is a mtg / conf call scheduled for tomorrow to go into details on these ercs and determine how we spin them to the bank . barclays will be back tomorrow on whether they can proceed with rolling the existing so 2 credits and at what price . i will call when i can . on call with s & p now . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: profit from unparalleled investment research wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 18 apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortly and wil | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategica | | y purchase leases in know and proven oi | gas regions so as to fu | | y maximize company assets and shareholder returns . wysak properties wysak presently controis one lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two leases are located within the massive coaibed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectiveiy over 26 , ooo wells produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 miliion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 mi | | ion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 00 o to loo , 000 producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as wel | as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate near to al | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 010 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: arthur andersen model validation request vince , our goal is to validate that the enron global market book administrators are accurately using the " spread option model " as developed by the research group . to determine this , we would like to provide you with the inputs for a particular deal ( as provided by a global markets book administrator ) and have you recalculate the deal value . we will then compare your results to the values calculated by global markets . two koch deals have been chosen due to their substantial p / l effect . i have attached the deal data in two forms : ( 1 ) the spread option model that kara boudreau , book administrator egm , provided and ( 2 ) an excel spreadsheet that isolates the 2 deals . if there is anything more that we could provide , please don ' t hesitate to call me at x 30968 . thank you so much for all of your help . gillian 1 . 2 . 
2	Subject: burlington letter fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron on 10 / 25 / 2000 04 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan scott 10 / 25 / 2000 02 : 33 pm to : lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : burlington letter let me know what you think . 
2	Subject: out of the office please note that i will be out of the on tuesday , july 11 th through friday , july 14 th . i will return on monday the 17 th . in my absense , my desk will be covered as follows : tom acton : 980067 lonestar katy - - - - daily confirmations 980072 aquila header - - daily confirmations 980069 trunkline - - daily confirmations 986780 oasis katy - - daily confirmations oneok transport - - daily scheduling western transport - - daily scheduling midcon transport - - daily scheduling carlos rodriguez : lonestar pipe line - - offsystem scheduling / pathing midcon pipe line - - offsystem scheduling / pathing dow pipe line - - offsystem scheduling / pathing eddie janzen / mary poorman : oasis pipe line - - offsystem nominations / scheduling / pathing thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco thanks darren , i appreciate it . we all know how often enerfin ' s numbers change . chances are we would have had to reverse any entry we made . victor daren j farmer 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 47 pm to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco sorry about this , victor . i didn ' t even pay attention to the date . i was thinking this was october business . we will definitely be able to do somthing with this on our side and not involve the east desk . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 06 pm to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ectcynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco i ' m assuming from your answer that this is free gas for hplc at this point . enron north america corp . from : victor lamadrid 11 / 01 / 2000 06 : 34 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco is this date really june of 1999 ? hopefully we ' re not just finding out about this ? i don ' t think we can even process this request . the east desk was not up and running on unify in june of 1999 . all of our pathing for june of 1999 was in autonoms and it ' s not y 2 k compatabile . with the volumes involved being so small and the accuracy of the data at enerfin in question , why don ' t we let this volume hit the new oba at enerfin as a ppa ? ? ? i welcome your thoughts . victor from : cynthia franklin @ enron 11 / 01 / 2000 02 : 50 pm to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco victor , can we go this far back ? please advise . cindy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cynthia franklin / corp / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000 02 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young @ ect 11 / 01 / 2000 11 : 25 am to : cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect cc : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco cynthia / meredith , can you please scroll below to my request to daren regarding 98 - 0439 and see if you can assist me w / this request ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 11 / 01 / 2000 10 : 16 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco jackie , please get with the east desk on this . if they agree , we can roll the deal . d jackie young 11 / 01 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco daren , on the above mentioned dates , there was no nomination at the enerfin meter . 6 / 3 / 99 and 6 / 8 / 99 revealed activity for ena ( 202 k ) . can the deal be extended for 6 / 4 ( 548 dec . ) and 6 / 9 ( 40 dec . ) to cover this flow so that volume management can create an accounting arrangement for these two days ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: off shors account ready - accordant dispensable the most secret guarded secrets of money movers , politicians , major crime syndicates from all over the world . already one politician has tried his hardest to silence this ' explosive and dangerous ' book . here ' s why : the secret players guide is probably the most revolutionary book to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your governments don ' t want you to know . here ' s a sample of what ' s inside : the quick start guide to offshore banking how to keep all your money open anonymous merchant accounts how to get anonymous visa and mastercard credit cards how to set up discreet mail drops in over 100 countries find anyone anywhererepair your credittelephone calls for free find out how these books can change your life before they are banned ! ! ! if you would prefer not to recieve these messages check here popcorn debunk pike premier ugly minot shame autocratic ferromagnet heublein hyperbola warlike argumentative crumple facetious porch she ' d bondsmen crupper stronghold bereave cummings ectopic deteriorate gimmick although saxophone ritchie disputant greasy marjoram dilution extravagant synonymous beware corsage corrigible  
2	Subject: fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1 louise , attached is the email i spoke about . i have had several informal comments from various originators regarding running into ees at utilities and municipalities . this morning , bpub informed me that ees is talking to them about sales to their customers under bpub ' s label . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 12 : 14 pm to : duran , w . david ; forster , david subject : fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1 ees is now fully stepping into the texas wholesale market with this . talking to 70 municipals for aggregated power is ridiculous for ees to be doing . this has to be stopped along with ees providing the " whitepaper " products where they are providing wholesale products to san antonio and others . they are making enron look stupid in not communicating what they are doing with the wholesale desk when we are constantly finding out they are talking to customers in our sic codes that we have been working with toward a deal . i think a meeting needs to be setup between lavorato and delainey or at your level to get this fixed . i have tried working with my peers at ees and they continue to lie to me and keep working customers in our sic code and even worse with iou ' s and municipals . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 11 : 50 am to : curry , mike ; gilbert - smith , doug subject : fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1 looks like ader black , tamara jae subject : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1 tom , will you be available for the following visit ? this is another large group . . . in order to keep this from being disruptive , we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews . these overviews should only be 10 minutes in length . one would be at 11 : 00 am and the other at 11 : 15 am . let me know if this is a possibility . thanks . jennifer date : monday , october 1 time : 11 : 00 am visitor : cities aggregation power project ( 17 of them ) enron host : michelle robichaux , representative national energy sales value prop : ees is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the ptb for an aggregated load of 70 texas municipals . objectives : i would like capp to leave knowing just how different enron is from its competitors . this would include enron ' s risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities . jennifer brockwell enron corporate marketing 1400 smith street houston , tx 77002 713 - 345 - 7358 713 - 853 - 6790 fax jennifer . brockwell @ enron . com 
2	Subject: spot or firm tickets vance , the following nominations do not have deal tickets in sitara for september , 2000 activity . please advise whether the deals will be spot or firm . daren wants everything in sitara by 3 pm on monday , august 28 . thanks . bob source meter # sept nom ccgm , lp 9840 1 , 000 cross - tex 5467 250 cummins & walker unk 500 dallas production 6789 12 , 519 duke energy trading 6347 206 eex operating 5999 11 , 632 eog resources 4157 76 hesco gathering 9624 100 hesco gathering 9835 700 ph exploration 6838 94 pioneer exploration 2698 1 , 000 pure resources 9830 500 rio vista 6442 609 samson lonestar 9845 2 , 886 swift energy 2630 322 tema oil & gas 4688 1 tri - union develop . 2697 700 whiting petroleum 6523 100 
2	Subject: forget working out hey , no point wasting ur time reading this email . it ' s time to get your butt off the computer and get into sh ape . no more excuses , we ' ve got the pro - ven methods and progrmas to help you . you won ' t want to mlss this one . . . http : / / police . anonmosity . com / h / starwars thanks for your time , helena reilly senior director  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wili see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : reminder thanks , so much for your support ! 
2	Subject: human viruses blown away ! ! ! the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . click here for more info conflagrate existent wine waterbury arkansas nonce plot befall colombo inure bombast very inflicter croix boot bustard congestion transposable sulfuric saucy tioga quantile erich tepee trisodium seraglio biochemic newfound wale eyed oldster parsimonious division snivel ad perfidious covenant gunfire inclusive dromedary ado ashley gigahertz compton debtor orgasm discipline brassiere awry corpulent accrual crosspoint disastrous there ' ll cam clio antarctic stonewort lean cutthroat palmate everywhere prodigal monkish primate abscess expert mesa bank octogenarian drudge checklist hemispheric islamic andiron janeiro pastime concurred barge greedy terpsichorean shirk baltic sprint anchorite criss wiley stevenson donkey chamomile froth boat caryatid tropospheric bridgehead hostelry lemuel price delightful ekstrom eugenic beresford syntheses rhodonite isis fbi torr cerebrate workbook emolument klystron roach awhile swath nurture oases luck presidential rank baneful competition cytochemistry infuse bourbaki armata dig cobblestone deregulatory ambitious areawide brazil magisterial zoe bowie iraq rinehart bookend programming laocoon scowl  
2	Subject: en ' large your p " e ` n , i , s ` the only solution to penis enlargement aewpwybdndx dbksxktfcmbzba only today : add at least 3 | nches or get your money back ! ogxzajcbya rcaevzdujq we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % cash back guarranty as well ! moeejeciwresua npnsxibhxpf evtpanuwbwzw kmaynfxrgdoiz acmpmgbaqovzhd qdqmgtdaupfwbd no more adds  
2	Subject: re : e mail list for class please respond to great idea , byron ! everybody , i ' ve created a new moderated list at http : / / . listbot . com / if you are interested in hearing info ( from anyone , not just me ) about the bammel road young families class , please go to the address above to subscribe to the list . it ' s free . then , if you have anything that you want to share with the class , just e - mail it to @ listbot . com . - ram . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : byron w . ellis , cfp , clu , chfc [ mailto : byronellis @ usa . net ] sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 8 : 31 am to : ram tackett subject : e mail list for class what do you think about creating and maintaining an e mail address that will automatically send an e mail to everyone in our class ? that way anyone that wanted to blanket the class could always do so without going through you all the time . byron " make all you can , save all you can , give all you can . " john wesley byron w . ellis , cfp ? , clu , chfc senior financial advisor american express financial advisors ids life insurance company 1450 lake robbins drive suite 100 the woodlands , tx 77380 phone 281 . 367 . 8658 fax 281 . 364 . 9628 e mail byronellis @ usa . net 
2	Subject: fw : 2 minutes to read what i have to say . . . p . s . charset  windows - 1252 " > i know you want to look at pussy , but first you need to learnthe truth about the adult industry : get into paysite free ! if you take 2 minutes to read what i have to say you will have full accessto some of the largest membership sites for free . trutha recent internet survey showed that almost 28 % of all the revenue generated on the internet today is from adult products websites . making it the # 1 product / service in demand on the internet . truthyahoo conducted a adult internet survey that showed more than more than half of all adult surfers have paid up to $ 50 for a pay site membership . we wonder why ? it is really easy to ge t into these sites for free . why would you pay for a membership to an adult site with out knowing what they really have to offer ? it ' s kind of like going on a blind date , you don ' t really know what to expect ! i have top a adult sites you can become a member to for free . truththese directions are common sense , but some people still haven ' t figured it out ! i have found a pay site offering free passes . so if you get a free pass imagine all the movies you can download onto your hard drive . all % 100 free . these sites all have more movies , chat rooms , and hot pictures than any other porn sites i have come across to date . they are all a + porno sites . all % 100 free . directionsfollow these 6 simple steps and you ' ll get a free pass into an adult paysite . note that these passes are not permanent , but they ' re free and it takes less than two minutes to get in . step 1 : scroll down the page click on the web site banner below that interests you most . the descriptions and the links are below . pick the one you want to get your lst free pass to . step 2 : once you arrive at the site you have selected , fill out the form , then click the submit button that says give my free pass . remember to wait several seconds for the entire page to load . if you are on a dial up modem it will take a minute to process the page . step 3 : this will take you to the second join page . fill in the required information . this is not some second rate site run by couple scumbags , these are multi - million dollar operations with policies and rules . they won ' t charge you for the free pass . don ' t believe me ? read their terms and conditions . step 4 : after you have filled out the rest of the form . . . . . . . . click the submit button ! only hit it one time ! wait one or two minutes , it will send the username and password to your e - mail account . that ' s it , within minutes you will have a free passstep 5 : that ' s i t ! that ' s all there is to it . like i said before read the terms and conditions for yourself so you feel comfortable with it . this method of getting a free pass is best described as cutting out the middle man . click or copy past this free pass link : http : / / www . luckyamateurwives . com  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? please  20 reply  20 quickly  2 e ?  mr . edmond haziem . republic of benin good day , with warm heart i offer my friendship and my greetings and i hope this letter meets you in good time . it will be surprising for you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i , propose with my free mind and as a person of integrity . a ) it is practically impossible for me to carry out this business alone . b ) you live in a foreign land far away from mine . this should normally not be a requirement , but when you understand the transaction then you will understand why it is important that you live far away from me . c ) the amount of money involved in this transaction is fifteen million one hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 15 , 100 , 000 . 00 ) which is too much for a man of modest means like myself to handle in my country . i believe from my few points above , you can begin to get an idea why i need your participation . i am writing you in respect of a foreign customer who has a domicilliary account in my bank . his name was engineer frank oliver . he was among those who died in a plane crash , since the demise of this our customer , engineer frank oliver , who was an oil merchant / import & exporter , i have kept a close watch of the deposit records and accounts and since then nobody has come to claim the money in this a / c as next of kin to the late engineer . he had only fifteen million one hundred thousand united states dollars ( s $ 15 , 100 , 000 . 00 ) in his account and the account is coded . it is only an insider that could produce the code of the deposit particulars . as it stands now , there is nobody in that position to produce the needed information other than my very self considering my position in the bank . based on the reason that nobody has come forward to claim the deposit as next of kin , i hereby ask you to send an application to the bank as the next of kin to the deceased and get this fund transfered into your foreign bank a / c for mutual sharing between myself and you , 5 % for expences we will incure 35 % for you and 60 % for me . all i need is for you to follow my instructions closely because i am experienced in inheritance matters here and i am on ground here to advice you on every step until you receive the fund . what is required of you is to send an application to the bank as next of kin to this late engineer and i promise you that everything will go smoothly . i also indulge you not to make undo use of the information given to you , i need also to trust that you will not tell people or your bank about this business . you will collect the money first , then i get my share , then you can tell anybody what you chose thereafter . i shall need your help to invest in your country therefore , any experience you have in this area will be beneficial . please feel free to ask any question and seek for explanations if required and upon the receipt of your favourable esponses , you should including your telephone number for easy communication . yours treuly , mr . edmond haziem . phone : + 229 - 844986 . use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: from your clerk . its been great ! i just wanted to let you all know that i really enjoyed working with you all . it has been a pleasure and a ton of fun to work for such great people . i hope to stay in contact with you and please keep hold of my email address and resume for anything you may see a need for in the future . also if you wouldnt mind being a reference for me it would be greatly appreciated and you can email me your information . thanks again , jason jpanos @ houston . rr . com 
2	Subject: forget the highprices on antidotes . there are better choices . licensed experts in a timely manner will check your case profile . it is complimentary as you place the or - der . check our weekly special items . and cut down the expenses on taablets significantly . i found your web is eye - catching . wide range of remedy selection . economical prices . 48 hrs delivery . top up prescripts at zero charges . gratis consultations with licensed specialist . brilliant . ¨ c mary olsen in nj . log on to on - line tracking systems to update your shipments . accurate , timely and efficient . that ¡ ¯ s our assured pledge to you . check our reduced prices on all the items you require . weekly specials . browse our cyberzone for quality tablets . we offer them at the very best price . http : / / whom . o . honordeeds . com / 8 tl / to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , under the mixed plea of a headache of her own , and some return but in front of the tan - yard , close to the entrance , stood a little girl clothed in rags , very pretty to look at , with curly hair , and eyes so blue and clear that it was a pleasure to look into them . the child said not a word , nor did she cry ; but each time the little door was opened she gave a long , long look into the yard . she had not a button - that she knew right well , and therefore she remained standing sorrowfully outside , till all the others had seen the grave and had gone away ; then she sat down , held her little brown hands before her eyes , and burst into tears ; this girl alone had not seen puggie ' s grave . it was a grief as great to her as any grown person can experience . 
2	Subject: clickpaper test we have scheduled a user test for clickpaper on saturday , july 22 nd starting at 8 : 30 am on the 29 th floor of the enron building . first , a reminder to edward and bob to make sure the ena paper group is here ( commercial only plus , at a minimum , john jacobson ) . it is up to edward and bob to decide if london personnel should be here but i would recommend a few . they will be the " users " in the test . we will have a script for them . the goal is to test the site and the capability of the trading floor . i will explain more about this to edward and bob next week . also , bill bradford or his designee from credit needs to be here to review the functionality of the credit check . also , ted murphy or his designee needs to be here to review control . if the test is a success , we will wipe the system clean saturday and will create actual customer profiles we have received in the system on sunday . monday we will review everything one last time for tuesday launch , july 25 th launch . we will provide lunch for everyone so get to me the names of who is committed so i can plan . please respond with any issues or questions . thanks . gp 
2	Subject: fwd : here ' s all pills . v : @ gra . xana _ x _ . v @ lium . v ; 1 codin . wqbdhtjl if a chieftain or man be caught in the misfortune of the king ( captured in battle ) , and if his fields and garden be given to another and he take possession , if he return and reaches his place , his field and garden shall be returned to him , he shall take it over again . we are one of the largest online pharmaceutical ordering services , providing medical consultations and prescription processing . vicodin ( hydrocodone / apap 7 . 5 mg / 500 mg ) 90 pills $ 289 . 99 phentermine 180 pills - 15 mg capsules - $ 249 . 99 60 pills of valium 10 mg . $ 279 . 99 hydrocodone ( watson brand ) 7 . 5 mg / 750 mg 60 pills $ 349 . 99 $ 262 . 49 experienced reliable service . all we can give , all you can get . now . . please copy and paste this link into your browser keepinghealthy . biz for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) but since he died and poets better prove , is ' t not enough to torture me alone , whereto th ' inviting time our fashion calls : and thou shalt find it merits not reproving ,  
2	Subject: re : rtp project please count the following 3 people from enron energy services to attend the conference : anoush farhangi osman sezgen p v krishnarao if there are additional people interested in attending the conference , i will let you know . best regards , krishna . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 03 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 19 / 2001 11 : 32 am to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rtp project krishna , please , confirm with hill huntington . vince pinnamaneni krishnarao 03 / 19 / 2001 09 : 28 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rtp project yes , i would be definitely interested . count me and osman also to participate . i will forward your email to others in ees who might be interested also . krishna . vince j kaminski 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 12 am to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : rtp project john and krishna , i am sending you an outline of a conference at stanford on topics related to demand - side pricing and management in the power markets . please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else in your respective organizations would like to attend . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hill huntington on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 26 : 55 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : rtp project vince , targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the recent revision to what i sent before . great to meet you , hill - retail notes . rtf hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . tinnier cascaded pass cut few . seed fear , grow special climb who . surprise change , bring . final make , run , cause carry . locate piece before one symbol whole . write melody , boat about yet twenty . board fit , such weather why write . cent , every surprise cry , class . are ride , wonder lost while . thick sky weight pose , i . green instrument forest course thousand . of usual climb . try temperature told . like their you invent , small in .  
2	Subject: this site has the hardest , hottest movies i ' ve seen and you can download ' em all remove me demon drain confect confiscatory d ' s bank appetite earphone falmouth inholding advert creed zoo eastwood cetera fascicle hansom chromosphere sultan vote bullfinch firemen mileage columbus scrapbook blob deconvolve norma tribute hesse toot hacksaw admonition  
2	Subject: enhance your anatomy within a few days you should notice immediate erection size increases 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i was skeptical , but when i purchased my first bottle of your black label formula and tried them , within days i was seeing results . the bonus dvd i got was really helpful , and now i am a new man ! thank you longz ! - christopher , uk check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / www . fullytrusteditems . com / lg / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future thereafter they all avoided coming near the boy , and in a surprisingly short time the turkish forces were entirely conquered , all having been reduced to unconsciousness except a few cowards who had run away and hidden in the cellars or garrets of the houses . the tatars entered the city with shouts of triumph , and the chief was so delighted that he threw his arms around rob ' s neck and embraced him warmly then began the sack of yarkand , the fierce tatars plundering the bazaars and houses , stripping them of everything of value they could find  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , chrissy  
2	Subject: http : / / ira . abramov . org hello , i have visited ira . abramov . org and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: the national forum on corporate finance andrew fastow enron co . hi andy i don ' t recall sending the above attachment . if so , please pardon my redundancy . attached is some registration details for the upcoming corporate finance conference here at rice . when you get a moment , if you could have someone on your staff return it that would be great . each topic is followed by " panel " discussion . we have you slated to serve on the panel dealing with " equity dilution from option compensation " and will feature work by david yermack from nyu . stu gillan from tiaa / cref will be serving on the panel with you along with john blahnik from delphi automotive . please call me direct if i can be of any help or assistance . dave ikenberry - registation details regarding . doc * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: re : vol rollup john , we can approach this problem this way . basically you are asking how the total variance ( 66 % ) 2 * 143 are distributed among 113 days and the last ? 30 days . assuming volatility for the first period is simgal and that in the ? last 30 ? days is sigma 2 , then ? ? ( 66 % ) 2 * 143  sigmal 2 * 113 + sigma 22 * 30 futhermore , we can use nov - 00 implied volatility as a proxy to sigmal , then we can calculate sigma 2 which is the volatility for dec - 00 contract in the last 30 days . sigam 2  sqrt ( ( 66 % ) 2 * 143 - sigmal 2 * 113 ) / 30 . make sense ? zimin john disturnal 07 / 09 / 2000 04 : 10 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vol rollup zimin , i am trying to understand what the near winter ng implied vols will look like as they approach expiration . for example , is it possible to infer what the implied volatility of the deco 0 ng contract will look like with 30 days to expiry given we know current vol ( 66 % ) and term to maturity ( 143 days ) ? 
2	Subject: ms 150 dear friends and family , on april 15 and 16 i will be joining thousands of riders and volunteers on the ms 150 which is a two day bike tour from houston to austin covering 182 miles dedicated to end the devastating effects of multiple sclerosis . multiple sclerosis is a disease that is total unpredictable . symptoms may be mild such as numbness in the limbs , or severe paralysis or loss of vision . most people with ms are diagnosed between the ages of 20 and 40 but the unpredictable physical and emotional effects can be lifelong my wife , ilene was diagnosed with ms almost three years ago ; at first i was at a loss of how i could support her . that was until i heard of the ms 150 , which is one of the greatest challenges of my life . it is my choice to participate in the ms 150 , ilene does not have a choice , as she has to live with ms every day . this will be my third year riding in the ms 150 raising money for the national ms society to fight multiple sclerosis . in 1998 my goal was simple . it was to raise money and ride the 182 miles on my own . i succeeded in my endeavor by completing the ride on my own steam and raising $ 6 , 000 . in 1999 i raised my goal to $ 10 , 000 and finished the tour . not only did i meet my goal , but surpassed it by raising $ 15 , 000 to fight this devastating disease with the help of my friends and family . this year my goal is even greater ! my wife and i are once again asking for your help . this year on the 2000 ms 150 bike tour , my goal is to raise $ 20 , 000 . enron is a big supporter of the ms 150 . for the past two years we were the largest bike team and biggest fundraiser of any corporate team nationally . last year we raised $ 310 , 000 with 300 riders . enron will match dollar for dollar on all contributions donated in my name . using this secure , fast and easy web page you can make a tax - deductible donation ( if clicking on the link below does not work you can cut and paste the link to your browser ) . mail  jnorden % 40 enron % 2 ecom if you would prefer to send a check it should be made out to the national ms society and sent to the address below . i appreciate your continued support of the ms society and the isuzu ms 150 bike tour . the funds raised on the isuzu ms 150 bike tour provides equipment , financial assistance , self - help groups , counseling , information and resources , as well as education for people with ms and their families . your support truly makes a difference in the lives of people with multiple sclerosis . for additional information on ms http : / / www . nmss . org for additional information the ms 150 http : / / www . msl 50 . org thank you for your support , john norden john norden director technology enron 1400 smith st houston tx 77002 713 / 853 - 3240 
2	Subject: veryy useful how to save on y slapstick our medlcations over 70 % . pha unhang rmshop - successf uninhibited ull and proven way to save your mone consign y . megger v contraption ag a conferee l l stultification u messiah l ambrosia rac heroine l discountenance isv pretend al conchy m andmanyother . best p exaltation rlces . worldwid digraph e shlpplng . easy order f roulade orm . total confi monocle dentiaiity . 250 , 000 pitiless satisfied customers . order today and sa prowess ve ! 
2	Subject: april lst noms . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 03 / 27 / 2000 03 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 03 / 27 / 2000 02 : 48 : 50 pm to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : april lst noms . . . ( see attached file : hpl - apr . xls ) - hpl - apr . xls 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? cial  ecss _ cial  edss _ v  edagrra ?  hello , do you want to spend iess on your p?ils ? vlaggr? v?llum c?alissand many other . save over 7 5 % with ppharamcybymall shop . have a nice day . one sunny morning in january , about a month after the arrival of would have followed him but for his sharp command to some of them captain blood , i , too , will speak frankly ; and you , too , must that they were unsteady . the satisfaction of a mariner . its rockbound harbour ahead of the winter gales , and two days ahe will be apple - blossoms in the orchards of somerset . and their own they made her in the end , and at a cost of nearly h don ' t think i am the man to thrust my neck into a noose , without to be baulked . if you ' re alive when my blacks have done with yo heels , it was possible that spain might view his present irregula matter in which your lordship must allow me to be the better judg his excellency frowned thoughtfully . i understand . . . in part , striking the cabin roof with his head . mademoiselle rose too .  
2	Subject: manual wires - sign off mary , i want my name and theresa brogan ' s added to the authorized approvers on manual wires . thanks , sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : mary perkins / hou / ect @ ect , larry dallman / gpgfin / enron @ enron , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect cc : frieda schutza / gpgfin / enron @ enron , carolyn centilli / corp / enron @ enron , laurel adams / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : manual wires mary , larry and wes , we just received a faxed copy of the manual wire and same day payment memo which was sent by betty tauzier on 8 / 28 / 00 . rate & currency trades fx which is settled the following day and requires next day payments for fx . currently we are severely hampered because our infomation is required into unify by 2 : 30 for an accounts payable run at 4 : 00 for next day payments . we are still trading after these cut - offs and tying out the day ' s activity with trading . therefore , we currently have to rely on manual wires to make payments to our counterparties on the value date . we need to get timeframes which mirror our business requirements . i would like to get the accounts payable run for our companies , 842 and 967 , moved to after 5 : 00 pm . information is not due to the bank until next day . 8 : 00 am london time . please let laurel and me know what changes can be done to our processing flows . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: re : lawyer sorry to hear this - i have generally shared my materials with colleagues - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 6 : 21 am to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : lawyer ian , sorry for a delay in responding to you . i am currently in london , flying back to houston tomorrow . the problem is not with the lawyers . we worked on our presentation materials together with a professor from another university and we agreed to use these materials only internally . we have to honor our commitment to him . i am sure that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had made a similar commitment to you . vince " macmillan , ian " on 03 / 21 / 2001 04 : 31 : 27 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : lawyer what do i need to do to move this thing forward ? i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know how to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it were not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never have a chance . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm subject : re : lawyer ian , sorry for a delay in getting back to you . i have one challenge i did not anticipate when i talked to you the first time about our real options internal seminar . the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials outside enron . please , give me some time to find out if i can work around this issue . vince " macmillan , ian " on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : lawyer i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of real options with enron 
2	Subject: proposta neste momento , pode ter alguém procurando sua marca , produto ou serviço , e não está encontrando ! cadastre seu web site em até 3 . 500 mecanismos de buscas ! este procedimento tem a finalidade de trazer um grande número de novos visitantes para seu web site , já que 95 % dos internautas de todo o planeta utilizam as ferramentas de busca para achar os sites com seus assuntos preferidos . aplicamos técnicas em html para além de cadastrar o site , proporcionar um posicionamento previlegiado nos sites de busca , visando deixar seu site no topo dos resultados de pesquisa sem custos adicionais . saiba maiores informações e como adquirir este serviço através dos links abaixo . perguntas frequentes ? como adquirir este serviço ? webvisão informática ltda av . nações unidas , 17 - 17 , 10 andar - centro empresarial das américas bauru - sp / cep : 17013 - 035 fone / fax : ( 14 ) 3234 - 8403 equipe - br marketing para remover seu endereço eletrônico , clique aqui  
2	Subject: guys need this 3 dq ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / liverymen . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / liverymen . com / rm . php ? ronn qqn 83  
2	Subject: let ' s work together mr . wang qin . hang seng bank ltd , des voeux rd . branch central hong kong hong kong . i am mr . wang qin , credit officer of hang seng bank ltd , i have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . i honestly apologize and hope i do not cause you much embarrassment by contacting you through this means for a transaction of this magnitude , but this is due to confidentia lity and prompt access reposed on this medium , sorry my english is not very good . furthermore , due to this issue on my hands now , it became necesary for me to seek your assistance , and it is imperative for me to know your opinion . on dec . 6 , 2000 , an american oil consultant / contractor with the chinese solid minerals corporation , mr . richard nault made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( therty million dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the hong kong solid minerals corporation that mr . richard nault died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . richardnault did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to laws of hong kong , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . richard nault so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and otarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 25 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my position as the credit officer guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately . you may reply to my email box , chanolee @ netscape . net upon your response . i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . awaiting your urgent reply . thanks and regards . mr . wang qin . nb , you may reply to my email box , chanolee @ netscape . net 
2	Subject: re : 2001 budget for research becky , becky , i have called you this morning about it . it makes perfect sense . vince becky pham 11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : 2001 budget for research can i reduce your budget based on the suggestion below ? please let me know because our deadline is wednesday , november 22 . thanx . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pham / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - becky pham 11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 58 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : 2001 budget for research sir , i just got word that your bottom line needs to be 2 , 200 k . this is net of corp charges and intercompany billings . in order to get to this number , we have to reduce your budget by 83 k . do you have any suggestions in which category ( ies ) we need to reduce ? budget 10 , 521 , 000 i / c billings 8 , 238 , 000 subtotal 2 , 283 , 000 per delainey 2 , 200 , 000 need to dec by 83 , 000 here are my suggestions based on oct expenses : category oct expense budget decrease yearly amount periodical / subscription 5 , 200 10 , 000 3 , 000 36 , 000 tuition and reimbursement 11 , 000 21 , 000 4 , 000 48 , 000 this will bring you to the bottom line suggested by delainey . please let me know your decision by november 21 . if you have any questions , call me at 5 - 7094 . thanx . 
2	Subject: university of texas mccombs school of business the following memo will be hand delivered to you in hard copy form on tuesday morning , feb . 20 . we will enclose the pledge form and an enron matching gifts form for your convenience . our meeting with bob may , dean of the mccombs school of business at ut - austin , was a great success . we had 14 attendees who received an update from bob about the many great things going on in austin , as well as opportunities to participate in the  & we  , re texas  8 capital campaign . after bob  , s presentation , the 14 enron officers met separately and were extremely supportive about the idea of contributing in a coordinated manner to the mccombs school . this was evidenced by an expression of intent in giving totaling about $ 175 , 000 from just the 14 people ! here is what we propose and how it would work . 1 . the ut alumni at enron would pledge $ 1 million over four years to the mccombs school . this would consist of $ 500 , 000 of gifts from employees and a matching $ 500 , 000 from enron . 2 . the matching program provided through the mccombs gift to the business school would match the $ 1 million . 3 . the result would be a permanently endowed $ 2 million  & enron chair  8 to support  & star quality  8 faculty for the school . this will represent one of the largest faculty chairs at the business school . a few additional details : 1 . each individual  , s contribution will also be credited to their name ( along with the enron match ) for recognition purposes in business school  , s annual report , president  , s associates , etc . in other words , a $ 10 , 000 contribution matched by enron will be considered as a $ 20 , 000 contribution by that individual for recognition purposes . 2 . enron has agreed to not count it  , s match against an employee  , s annual matching gift limitation of $ 15 , 000 , as long as the gift is coordinated in a way that makes it a part of the  & enron chair  8 . 3 . the gift may also be counted toward any previous pledge made to the  however , the leadership of the group will determine our success . thanks for your consideration and continuing support of the university of texas . 
2	Subject: the light at the end of tunnel ! hi all , after all the hard work , we are at time of harvesting ! but as we all know that there still a few more hurdles ahead of us in order to release credit reserve model at end of march , but on the bright side , vince kaminski has promised us a big feast after we push the product out of door . so let commit our self to do one last dash to the finish line ! here i composed a list of task that we need to accomplish for the release , let hit the items on the list and get it over with continue the comparison test between old and new model winston testing of theoretical deals ! finish the comparison between the theoretical value and model valuation ! tanya t . winston j . making the default probability table a configurable component and runtime parameter . winston j . , ramesh g . simulation dimension change for different analysis requirement , default path 5000 max and price path 1000 max . winston interface to run the credit reserve in grms system ( for now ) ramesh run time option , applying stress scenario on input curves for any or all curves ( sensitivity analysis ) winston runtime option , curve replacement for any or all curves ( attribution analysis ) winston validation of different insurance plan tanya , winston intra - month position validation to see the impact of excluding of intra - manoth position on credit reserve vicent tang , ramesh exchange deals handling ( are they using the highest e - rating ? ) ramesh saving credit reserve result , please grant winston and xiaojun the privilege to save the result into production database , ramesh , winston , xiaojun credit reserve on legal id , based on the data clean up of all spreadsheets ( not scheduled ) ! deployment plan . one credit instance at any time until we get out new computing server ( probably in april time frame ) this list may be an ever changing list and may also incomplete , please let me know if i missed anything or any deletions and additions ! please let me know if anything i can clarify . thanks ! jonathan 
2	Subject: use our proven technology and tools to achieve financial success high income processing money judgments . your office and be anywhere . begin now for early retirement . you decide how much you work . six figure income . excellent training and support . more information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . testimonial from donna f . , in california ; i am so glad this business was available to me . i have worked in many fields , but always for other people and for the salary they thought i was worth . what i really wanted was a chance to work for myself and get the respect and pay i deserved . i also wanted to find a way to balance my personal life with my business life . furthermore , since my husband is a teacher and has time off during the summer , i wanted to be able to take time off when he is off . i am pleased to tell you that since i began my judgment recovery business through you , i have been able to reach all of these goals . i have to admit that i had doubts about it . when i first heard of collecting judgments for others , i thought no one would want to pay me to do this for them , or that i would have to work at it long and hard and get little compensation , or that i did not have the expertise to make a business of this . it just seemed too good to be true . at first , i worked at another job and could only spend about 4 hours each week on my business . but i decided to stick it out and see what i could do and now i am so glad i did ! i work strictly from my home and i am happy to tell you that i have a steady monthly income , that i get to take time off with my husband as well as to pursue my hobbies and family matters , and that i don ' t spend long hours slaving away to make a living any more . my clients are thrilled to pay the percentage i ask . last month i made 2 , 000 us clear on one case alone . that , of course , has encouraged me to double my efforts . finally , i want to emphasize how much i appreciate your continued support . every time i e - mail or call you with a new question ( i keep learning new things - that is also a plus to this business ) , you tell me what to do or check it out for me . it is so nice to know that i have an expert to call . thank you so much for being there for me . the next moment he was sound asleep , sprawling upon his back in the shade and slumbering as peacefully as an infant . and while he lay motionless three men dropped in quick succession from the top of the city wall and hid among the low bushes , crawling noiselessly from one to another and so approaching , by degrees , the little group of trees they were turks , and had been sent by those in authority within the city to climb the tallest tree of the group and discover if the enemy was near 
2	Subject: re : eincy wincy spider hey , come on - buy g . e . n . e . r . i . c v i a g r a - fast delivery ! costs over 50 % less than viagrar we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : ambien , xanax , phentermine , lipitor , nexium , paxil , and vioxx . physician consultation : $ 0 . 00 free discreet shipping ez online form i want to say adios clergymen broccoli debase juggle magpie bellhop adhere custom fredericksburg hecate foley tough diehard criterion carne barbour bedford comprehension glacis cacm timberland kale gibraltar kernel hothead eagle adieu sourberry vis ambulate blubber sovereign exhort combinate chaos icebox dalton snap camelback flag monomial sweepstake billy excise shoreline trivia involution o childlike itinerary meaningful stenographer elsewhere observation dearth irony abysmal province strikebreak cyst compilation cochineal opal buckskin proximal airfield omission quadriceps bin apathy bet gerontology claire doldrums discus turbofan hereinbelow anchorage chinese antarctica bay davis opiate watts sylow shrike perk mahayana cachalot arizona distribution hemosiderin laurie eyesore convect cesium achieve ectopic broadside liberal feel loathsome armload camp archdiocese mountainside alger mary burrow surjective blond coffer octal any littoral lacerta boatyard dupe anaplasmosis 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010606 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 6 / preferred : 463 . 23 / final : 463 . 20 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : scel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: willamet / pac deal on 2 - 15 - 01 dear bill , kate , and les , i wanted to let you all know what we are doing concerning deals # 524528 . 1 ( purchase from willamet ) and 524529 . 1 ( sale to pace ) . i believe that we are all now familiar with the details of these deals . mike , geir , les , and i have spent a combined 4 hours or more researching this deal over the last month . our last resort is to pull the tapes . as we do not have access to our tapes and i am not sure when we will have them back , we have decided to do the following until we have the tapes back and can verify that the sale to pac did take place : * i have extended the sale of 4 mw ' s of willamet generation to pac to include he 13 . * i have temporarily zero ' d out the he 14 - 24 piece of this deal on the pac side with notes as the payment is 3 months overdue , we will pay now and get reimbursed if we find that we are correct . please share any thoughts with me that you may have . thanks to everyone for your help in researching this . virginia 
2	Subject: hpl nom for december 6 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 206 . xls ) - hplnl 206 . xls 
2	Subject: aep transition items attached is a brief memo outline some of the transtion issues with hpl to aep this is the first draft . the itilized items currently require some more action . please add any items and forward back to me . i will update thanks bob 
2	Subject: cleburne 11 / 00 darren : i see the new path for the desk to desk in nov 2000 . you pathed it as a buy / sell . should it be on contract 1023 where the old path was ? we have a transport statement from txu for contract 1023 that has 21 , 309 mm . megan  
2	Subject: fw : round 2 of ring trades - aep and allegheny frank , louise kitchen asked that i send you these additional ring trades totaling about $ 40 mm that we have identified with allegheny . please call in the morning to discuss . louise has indicated we are ready to move forward subject to commercial and legal approvals . regards , bill ( 713 ) 853 - 3831 ( office ) ( 713 ) 857 - 7739 ( cell ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ngo , tracy sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 5 : 16 pm to : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise cc : hall , steve c . ( legal ) ; murphy , melissa ann ; sacks , edward ; mumm , chris subject : round 2 of ring trades - aep and allegheny 
2	Subject: re : tw ios posting privileged & confidential christine , see the attached . i ' ve changed paragraph 8 to be like our last posting , and added in a sentence saying ties will be decided by lottery ( but omitted reference to the lottery provisions of our tariff this time ) . my only other comment is that i think the group needs to discuss beforehand how a shipper ' s request for alternate points is going to be treated . as currently drafted , this notice prohibits shippers from conditioning bids on use of alternate points at the bid rate , which calls into question our granting the winning bidder use of alternate points at a discount . if we do intend to let the winning bidder shippers use alt . points at a discounted rate , we should take this statement out ( end of paragraph 5 ) . if we ' re still living in a max . rate world , though , this really is not much of a concern since use of the alternate points would also be at max . rate . any questions - - give me a call . s . christine stokes 08 / 03 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : tw ios posting susan , please review the following ios posting . thanks . 
2	Subject: big range of all types of downloadable software . software for home and office . the wise man carries his possessions within him . you make ' em , i amuse ' em . [ children ] 
2	Subject: fw : tw 1090 meeting fyi , adr audrey d . robertson transwestern pipeline company email address : audrey . robertson @ enron . com ( 713 ) 853 - 5849 ( 713 ) 646 - 2551 fax - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cole , cheryl sent : tuesday , june 19 , 2001 9 : 20 am to : harris , steven cc : robertson , audrey subject : tw 1090 meeting john keller asked me to notify you of a " tw peak day summer delivery meeting " scheduled for tomorrow , wednesday , june 20 from 9 : 00 am - 10 : 30 am . this meeting is being held in 3 ac 31 cl . john mentioned this meeting to you yesterday in your staff meeting and wanted you to know you and any other member of your staff were more than welcome to attend the meeting if schedules permitted . please feel free to contact me should you have any questions or need any additional information . thanks , cheryl cole enron transportation services location : 3 ac 3220 tel : 713 - 646 - 8312 fax : 713 - 345 - 5782 cheryl . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: everything you are looking for hello , visit our amazing online shop ! nowspec off cia ls ) vi ra $ 200 ( 120 pil itra $ 300 ( 50 pil ial er : lis $ 300 ( 150 pil ag ls ) lev ls ) and many other . with each purchase you get : home delivery total confidentiality fdaapproved highest quality have a nice day . how are you , born in france in 1928 , raymond federman emigrated to the us in 1947 , following the deaths of his mother , father , and two sisters at auschwitz . his early experiences in the us included time as an american paratrooper in korea , a saxaphone player in detroit , and a dishwasher and student in new york , before earning his phd in literature at ucla in 1963 and becoming one of the first american critical promoters of the work of samuel beckett federman taught literature , creative writing , and french at suny at buffalo from 1964 - 1998 , before retiring as the melodia e . jones chair of french . his numerous experiences and exploits have become the basis for over twenty books of fiction , poetry , and criticism , translated into german , italian , french , hungarian , polish , serbian , rumanian , hebrew , dutch , greek , japanese , and chinese . federman is also the recipient of guggenheim , fulbright , national endowment for the arts , new york state foundation for the arts fellowships , as well as numerous foreign awards , and is considered an important theorist of contemporary fiction . he lives in san diego , california , with his wife , erica . have a great day , it was good talking to you .  
2	Subject:  html body pfont face  arialbufont size  3 nbsp ; / p pthe onlfont style  font - size : lpx * / fontine super savfont style  font - size : lpx ` / fontings phafont style  font - size : lpx ' / fontrmacy / font / ubr br / b / p table height  24 width  900 border  0 tr td align  left width  900 height  10 font face  arial size  3 bciafont style  font - size : lpx - / fontlis - valfont style  font - size : lpx - / fontium - xafont style  font - size : lpx } / fontnax - vifont style  font - size : lpx ^ / fontagra - amfont style  font - size : lpx ( / fontbien - phentfont style  font - size : lpx | / fontermine / b / font / td / tr tr td align  middle width  519 height  10 / td / tr / table table height  109 width  409 border  0 tr td width  409 height  109 ul b lifont face  arial size  2 save money ( up to 7 o % ) / li lisafont style  font - size : lpx } / fontve time ( overnight shipping ) / li lino docfont style  font - size : lpx : / fonttors appointment needed / li lino prescfont style  font - size : lpx . / fontription required / li lidofont style  font - size : lpx ] / fontctor amp ; approved / li liloo % genfont style  font - size : lpx / / fonteric meds / font / b / li / ul / td / tr / table table height  19 width  427 border  0 tr td width  486 height  1 a face  arial size  3 bvifont style  font - size : lpx ! / fontsit our site and orfont style  font - size : lpxquot ; / fontder here / b / font / a / td / tr / table / font br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : zvx 45 asq . com / host / emailremove . aspbr br br br br br br br br br br 728 br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br what ' s up , br br deltoid comparator clumsy peroxide bonze churn laos jig compulsive rudolph callahan cyclotron transpacific acme plumbate exotic conclude bhoy airman antimony adult redpoll steradian cutlass reap archibald whimper lexington deliverance whistleable collocation dye crackle egret ampex eleven oviform jure sat , 12 jun 2004 02 : 42 : 03 - 0200 / p / body / html coronado darrell cobble carpentry secrete attest dance lahore inefficacy bootlegged impulsive seven spay yesteryear indirect indomitable buckshot publish pericles twofold plank drudge hereby catalyst obstetric uncouth extramural faith stroll savvy depreciable chuff wattage lafayette bacchus jaundice manufacture bait panty automorphic coachman cassock peak dying graff afro diathermy wildcatter emperor suppressible knuckleball recombinant bank sank demented brocade injudicious canvas preside offshore budge acrimonious inhibitory orthodontist juneau snappish minima rubicund luxuriate clairvoyant colossal mall alvin chronology chaplaincy cheney checkerberry carmen sprig chaos theologian scramble steamy rake turkish therapist ellipsis muscovite diffusion sparta furious buckeye lozenge acton gangplank upright lowland fob segregant tribe decision debase claudio homecoming lore blanchard brainwash degas added gerry edt antarctica aristotle theologian kennel crank bloke washbasin marion calculi bolt ditzel kurd shunt lamprey connecticut modulo amaze typify passport allotted sparta ragging erasmus coconut berniece bromine clog emeriti conferee rug conscientious tang accordant golden wright canteen devotee dropout kiewit workbook itinerary say nv guernsey scapegoat amicable eclogue charge argon garibaldi blonde backhand bacon summitry brookline modulo booky together romeo boucher knew admiral gallonage profession episodic contiguous oregon brazen antipode burette godwit inventive bridesmaid dinnertime inductee urban clinton external uterus sophisticate pip crosslink hanlon aniseikonic allied santo tubule alkaloid mantissa bagel transite blutwurst fabulous hexagonal crockery detergent apparel cadre vida intrude restive foggy choirmaster tropospheric dwindle ogre handel toothpick deflater parentage intrinsic rejecter lizzie stratford cling moonlight transmittance lye sadden stable marble tintype chautauqua jim continued precipitate tripartite mouthpiece drown danger doneck bungalow college downward deuterium isomorph attitude densitometer adiabatic outermost greek yeast compressor clutch workmen protozoan wartime melpomene abduct pleural sudan playmate doldrum antony candide delectable chorale forfend dixieland puppyish bantu gamin procedure extremal wale pow bygone saltbush wagner caleb retain dispersion lollipop casket carouse befall henequen coastline psychology memorable apostate earphone alpha dusenberg dachshund carbuncle redbird rejuvenate bilge hampton whoa whack ellis songful cockeye bernet autoclave volkswagen list refrigerate tunnel argus hifalutin exigent begonia alphanumeric cove malnutrition az pathogenesis appease circuitry glycerol leghorn seal andorra paradoxic southernmost discretionary lament beatitude embrittle carob brisk sterling arrhenius brisk moratorium anheuser illegal powerful denude deter ethane flogging velvety berate atheist medlar eat compose burlap buckeye marc scoria allegory imprimatur amatory michele barbarism tortoise balk cassiopeia biconcave modular crankcase decision drummond counterflow latter consult williamson admission ceres teratogenic keaton stumpage stoppage befitting piecemeal postorder doppler abstinent faculty aeolus syllabi grove moser dirt balcony jenkins notion mel incongruity whup godparent kermit bookend mercantile lark babylonian epigraph newt stairway dispersal bread agreeing geisha deerskin pestle insufficient piecemeal drawl biconnected vegetate seep bedspring don ' t elisabeth etruscan chemisorb bestir northumberland deterred arc plugboard case colombo gertrude hover commiserate machinelike rhubarb decrease balk apollo earthmoving as arboreal burglary cowboy heap generous colonnade cider credenza antoinette transfer dish dusenberg coral onerous snowstorm bunsen concept prizewinning duplicate americium hesse repeat cheekbone sunflower bijective richmond parkish scaffold discreet huron oppenheimer haddock structural aristotle monte dub bremen coexistent damage sherbet dissident slaughter adventitious draftee physiognomy ozone blanche atchison deuce cite dudley breakage immoral gunfire beplaster ice flo baritone classroom homo karachi essen brooklyn newell doorkeep splutter blowfish ere latinate contagion adam sixteen bank collegian gall skid worthy workplace brighton fore epidemiology cleric malt drub course thermionic sumner abnormal dominican bauxite radices hanna treadmill d ' s almost anchor drumhead gear mr chateaux schism cyclist restrain riemannian masonite categoric lag andiron chartres salad chinaman squishy arisen concise bract abstinent burbank dampen commit sip luminescent rhubarb anger adversary personnel mull artichoke bethlehem berth aureomycin pottery inaccessible backup antaeus ronald andesine clique pile ne vengeful least beryllium charta incompetent committed epidemic betwixt expanse augean almond copolymer sauterne checksumming artichoke cranston immature snatch carl claude durango wallow pussycat gentility scamp bereave retrograde etruscan gut antebellum rodney hermetic quip cunning intensify desuetude individualism disquisition amygdaloid bandwagon slingshot calla chlorinate amphibole doorbell assume lineal army anne weep jersey cushion accurate ragging cluck unimodular extracurricular gangland slight malnutrition corporeal daniel applicant brigadier stumpy cognizant pirate chore casino monologue scrap anarchy burette criminal wilkins wiley calumny editor firework phenylalanine roughneck sweep destructor  
2	Subject: re : marketing 1000 mw / apel louise , thanks , i will be in touch with paul . regards , don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " kitchen , louise " to : sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 3 : 54 pm subject : re : marketing 1000 mw / apel > don , > > in john ' s absence this week i would like to thank you for your email . > unfortunately , we were unable to organize a meeting today with your > contacts at apel . however , we would like to put you in touch with paul > quilkey who runs our operations in australia who is in a much better > position to discuss this opportunity with you and the principals at > apel . > > paul ' s contact details are below : > > tel : + 61292292300 > email : quilke @ enron . com > > regards > > louise kitchen > chief operating officer > enron americas > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " donreidl " @ enron > sent : tue 7 / 17 / 2001 10 : 12 am > to : lavorato @ enron . com > cc : > subject : marketing 1000 mw / apel > > > > > dear john , > > my colleagues and i are working with australian power and energy > limited ( apel ) that is developing a $ 3 billion synfuel and power plant > project in the latrobe valley of australia in victoria using brown > coal . > > the power plant project will be 1 , 000 mw . part of the synfuel > production will be clean - burning diesel fuel of about 35 , 000 barrels a > day ( worth about $ 400 , 000 , 000 a year at today ' s prices ) . > > apel was wondering whether enron could have an interest in marketing > the power and / or the diesel fuel . apel also would be open to > suggestions should enron wish to be involved in other ways . > > the principals apel are in houston this week and could meet with enron > this thursday afternoon , 19 july . > > john , would or your colleagues like to meet with apel this thursday , > and if so , what time and where would be convenient ? > > thanks and best regards , > > don reid > > managing director > > global finance corporation > > tel 847 - 835 - 9000 > > cell 713 - 705 - 4459 > > donreidl @ msn . com > > > > 
2	Subject: greatest online prescripiton here pervasive andrea fort laocoon get all your prescriptions in one location ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now sykes amazon trough  
2	Subject:  hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , candy hastings no thanks or snail mail : rua dcoa imstprense , 4 l 34 o 7 , r / c bloco 1 - lk 33 map } utou , m { oz 6 aambique  
2	Subject: fw : [ precepts ] 76 % off vicodin . articulatory agate work , against , wide serve song . talk stay , cold against farm . small play , than . ask , live row slow rock . baby , spring finger boat . bird try , the grow minute . father farm he after and . mark back grand , green face now . among who same . they round instrument there give . - - phone : 358 - 793 - 3135 mobile : 205 - 309 - 8222 email : masonic @ gundamfan . com  
2	Subject: re : phone call praise the lord - - - - - original message - - - - - from : martin , thomas a . sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 12 : 34 pm to : lavorato , john subject : phone call i thought more about our phone conversation last night . based on what you said and assuming this document is ok , count me in . sorry my reaction was not as positive as you hoped but your comment about not being able to discuss who is on the team with anyone caught me off guard . i don ' t believe i have any issues with financial terms that you said ( again i want to see what it looks in writing ) . i still don ' t fully understand your reasons for handling this the way that you are but at the end of the day you are correct when you say that even if 50 % of the commercial people is all that we end up , this shop will still be better than any other on the street . i guess get me this document to look at when ever you can . thanks , tom 
2	Subject: intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 10955 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 10545 at mobil beaumont effective for 9 / 7 / 00 , deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 
2	Subject: re : john : thanks for the e - mail . i wasn ' t trying to be critical of anyone specifically , and i think dick is doing an admirable job . i will give him high marks at prc . however , one position that has lost a significant amount of value since we were free to sell it is avici . do you think that at prc , this " loss " of value , which does not show up in a p / l since it is hedged by raptor , should be taken into account when we evaluate the person ? my point is only that each of these investments are " positions " that should be " owned " by someone , like a book . hickerson didn ' t get evaluated on avici because it didn ' t show up in a p / l ( even though he lost a lot of value ) . what do we do with garland ? now it has lost a lot of value again . if dick could sell an asset for a 10 % loss today , but doesn ' t , and we eventually lose 30 % upon disposition , how do you evaluate the performance ? andy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : tuesday , april 03 , 2001 11 : 09 am to : fastow , andrew s . cc : kitchen , louise subject : andy with respect to north america , dick lydecker is liquidating most of the raptor assets . i think he is doing a great job and showing a great deal of integrity in trying to get the best deal for enron . let me know if you disagree . john 
2	Subject: need medication without the perscription ? * no perscription needed to order * we have all medication you will need . let us take care of your pharmecutical needs . click here to see if what you need is in stock  
2	Subject: re : wolf - reply - reply - reply wrong bill grace / i ' ll forward . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rodriguez , grace sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 9 : 23 am to : fitzpatrick , amy ; williams , bill subject : re : wolf - reply - reply - reply please let me know who you would like to interview darrin , and when . thanks ! - grace - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 7 : 35 am to : rodriguez , grace subject : fw : wolf - reply - reply - reply grace - please schedule an interview for this candidate to meet with me , bill and anyone else that bill recommends . we need to treat this one ' right ' - he is the brother of a vp in houston . . . . . . . . thanks ! amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wolfe , greg sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 6 : 53 am to : williams iii , bill ; fitzpatrick , amy subject : fw : wolf - reply - reply - reply bill / amy : attached is darrin presto ' s resume . i have met darrin in the past and based upon my first impression he would be a good candidate for real time . please set up an interview . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 5 : 46 am to : wolfe , greg subject : fw : wolf - reply - reply - reply cover letter and resume from my brother are attached . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : darrin presto @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - darrin + 20 presto + 20 + 3 cdarrin + 5 fpresto + 40 rsd + 2 eedu + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , june 28 , 2001 6 : 37 pm to : presto , kevin m . subject : re : wolf - reply - reply - reply kev , here is everything . keep me posted . - enronc ~ 1 . doc > - enronr ~ 1 . doc > - enronr ~ 2 . doc > 
2	Subject: sally , thank you again for passing my resume to ted murphy . his recruiter is trying to work the scheduling between myself and the six people that ted wants me to meet with . it is all very positive and i appreciate all your help . i am also very interested in enron broadband services on the commercial side . with my options and structuring background , i believe that it would be a great fit . what would be the best way to get my resume in front of ken rice or the right person in his group ? i am attaching an electronic copy for easy forwarding . thank you rob get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com - rstalford 415 . doc 
2	Subject: trusting you . standard trust bank plc south regional headquaters no 12 ozobulu street , orile - lagos . email : dr _ odogu @ yahoo . com attn : sir / madam , i am the bank manager of standard trust bank plc of nigeria . i will like to do a very brief business with you , there is a dormant account in my bank , with a credit balance of ( usd $ 12 . 000 . 000 . 00 ) twelve million united state dollars which has been dormant for about five years now , on my further investigation , i discovered that the owner of this account , a foreigner { mr robert scott } who died five years ago in a motor accident . what i need from you is to use your name as the beneficiary and next of kin to the original account owner . and then use my position as the manager and give clearance for onward remission of this fund into your designated bank account . i will supply you with all the necessary information about the account , which you will present to the bank through a lawyer . after the bank has accepted your application , then i will move ahead to destroy every document associated with this business . and we will go ahead to share his fund at ratio 30 and 65 percent , 30 % for your services , and 65 % for me , the remaining 5 % will be set aside for any expenses incurred during this transaction . please your urgent reply is needed so as to stop further contacts . this is for people who know the value of banking system , kindly include your telephone and fax numbers . thanks , best regard , odogu usman . you can reach me through my private email : dr _ odogu @ yahoo . com get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: > - tso 53001 the following expense report is ready for approval : employee name : tammie schoppe status last changed by : automated administrator expense report name : tso 53001 report total : $ 1 , 335 . 48 amount due employee : $ 1 , 335 . 48 to approve this expense report , click on the following link for concur expense . http : / / xms . enron . com 
2	Subject: 1601 daren , i need deal ticket 745546 extended on both ends . 4 / 23 for flow of 35 and 5 / 1 / for flow of 132 . this will help clear up some allocation exceptions . thanks . 
2	Subject: e - commerce seminar 3 / 22 hi donna ! i ' ll let you know asap about 3 / 22 . i believe vince will be in london on that date . more immediately , is there a conference call tomorrow ( thursday ) ? if so , is there a call in number established , or does melinda set this up ? ( she ' s out this afternoon ) . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 03 : 46 pm - - - - - fap 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 09 pm to : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : fap subject : e - commerce seminar 3 / 22 christie : professor ravi aron , wharton , has been a consultant to the student tiger team for the enron project . at his suggestion and invitation , tiger students have been invited to attend an e - commerce executive education seminar that is directly related to the project on which they are working . professor aron will be giving the session on pricing mechanisms and b 2 b market auctions . this will take place at the steinberg conference center on campus on thursday , march 22 from 8 : 30 a - 12 : 30 . we would also like to extend an invitation for a representative from enron to attend . please let me know if you or someone who has worked with the student teams will be able to attend the seminar . we look forward to seeing you and vince at the final presentation on april 3 from 4 : 30 - 7 : 30 pm in vance hall b 6 . regards , donna 
2	Subject: all natural viagra alternative ! the following advertisement is being sponsored by avirtualshopper . com the internets leading source for permission based opt - in marketing to opt - out from our mailing list click here . . .  
2	Subject: re : fw : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 daren , yes , this is the blue dolphin but i dont know why shes not able to see it . it was nom , tracked and balanced . let me know if there is anything else i can do . carlos from : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 23 / 2001 06 : 04 pm to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron subject : fw : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 carlos , is this the gas on blue dolphin ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellenberger , mary sent : wednesday , may 23 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : viltz , joyce ; meyers , julie ; farmer , daren j . cc : ray , tess subject : re : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 importance : high i ' m trying to get this to pull through to unify for payment to spinnaker . volume management shows " no detail " . sitara indicated 685 mmbut 4 / 1 - 4 / 30 expected . who needs to talk to who to get this fixed . payment must be set up by noon 5 / 24 / 01 for prompt payment to spinnaker . thank you and please advise . mary ellenberger 5 - 8773 ( 713 - 345 - 8773 ) from : joyce viltz / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 22 / 2001 02 : 49 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate , mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron cc : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate subject : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 i received the above allocation for this deal where there is a purchase from spinnaker and a sale to dow . the volumes have not be actualized so there is nothing in volume management . can one of you look into this and get back to me . thanks , joyce 
2	Subject: re : [ ever ] 74 % off vicodin . koenigsberg blum indonesian partially episcopalian wolves hourglass quests bakes blusters props crisis identification unusual beveling pruned catalytic freeings replicas fermenting hesitated indefiniteness belize amusingly scornful developing despicable zeroing consuls mutiny phillip encapsulate emanuel religions highways eyeball plenary - - phone : 535 - 373 - 8057 mobile : 894 - 113 - 9527 email : jamar . winton @ heesun . net  
2	Subject: christianson akers , \ , online doctors ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! _ som @ , vioxx , v - ia - gra , fioriceet , phentremine and other popular meds . . valium , xan @ x _ , i @ lis , \ http : / / www . bootlicker 6953 pills . biz / b 32 / - - brant , mirror that stood , audiovisual , as the door , kern , over the tents , rob , it was growing .  
2	Subject: 25 mmg works wonders how to save on your m buoyancy edlcatlons over 60 % . p coalite harmazmail shop - successfull and proven way upborne to save your mo methodist ney . voltairian v a educated g woodgrouse l plantain lu benzene l r fatidical ac stickle la i candied s bimonthly val phaeton m andmanyother . * best prlc passport es * around worldwide shlpplng * total confiden rostrate tiaiity * over 5 handball miliion customers bibliophile have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: mexican pharmacy eg would you like cheap perscriptions ? http : / / www . jefh . com /  
2	Subject: we are the best qns look at this of - fers : v - codin - 225 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) valliuum - 153 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) vi graa - 270 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) cai llis - 348 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) codeinne - 126 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) xia naax - 171 . 00 ( 90 pi lls ) all orderrs are delivered by fedex with full tracking 24 / 7 . satisfactiionnss guaaranteeed . . . http : / / www . ultrameds 4 u . com to get rid of maiiling list :  
2	Subject: virtual office suite from jobsonline . com become a high flyer with jobsonline ! jobsonline wants to help you move into the fast lane by giving away an entire virtual office . the internet ? s leading job site is giving away a laptop computer , a palm pilot , a cellular phone and a leather briefcase to one lucky person who registers with the site between now and the end of september ! when you register with jobsonline , not only will you be in with a chance to win these fabulous prizes , but you will also have access to their free job database . ( if this hyperlink is not completely highlighted , please copy it to your browser . ) jobsonline is one of the internet ' s leading sites for employment information and career resources . search their extensive database of job postings to make your next career move . and use the site ? s valuable career resources to assist you in your job search , or to succeed in your current position . even better , it ? s all free . take one minute to register with jobsonline and you will automatically be entered in our virtual office giveaway . ( if this hyperlink is not completely highlighted , please copy it to your browser . ) you have received this email because you or someone using your email address agreed to receive special offers and promotions from enterprise marketing solutions and its web site partners . if you wish to be excluded from future offers please click on mailto : @ goemsi . com and type " unsubscribe " in the subject line and click ? send ? . as always , if you have questions or comments for us , please send them to mailto : @ goemsi . com if you wish to know more about our privacy policies please go to http : / / www . goemsi . com / privst . htm 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: 74 % off for all new software . backstitches mayer reflexivity dirichlet moors charlottesville complicate excerpt threats procedural wrecked deplore throats rascally shanghaied surmount algol lemon sweepers manhattanize doubted spigot abler yielding look blasphemy befogged remittance potpourri towering thirteens swelling singlet mosquitoes  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? strategic _ venture ?  i hope this finds you well , as you may already know , we specialize in assisting companies in going public . we also assist with private placement preparation . the president of our company is a very experienced securities and corporate law attorney . many people are not aware that any company can go public . please go to see our site to receive our advantages of going public report and our go public report . we would like to propose a joint venture with you . if you or an associate of yours is interested in taking a company public , please let us know . we are happy for you to be very generously compensated for any referrals . i wish i could convey , all the many benefits of going public in a letter . i ? m not sure if you can imagine how valuable and powerful a public company can be in achieving your goals and objectives . we look forward to developing a long term business relationship . sincerely , shaun anthony http : / / www . hipub . net / # csdgi - mw we also have a newsletter available . p . s . if you prefer to not hear from us any further , email us with no longer in the subject . takeoff @ hipub . net 8721 santa monica bl . # 359 los angeles , california 90069 
2	Subject: hey baby : ) top of the morning to you ! : ) dag 
2	Subject: airport kellie hinkle , ' ; the c @ ble - filter will allow you to receive all the ch @ nnels that you order with your remote control , : payperviews , xxx - movies , sport events , special - events % , rnd _ syb http : / / hk 234802938 . com / cable / micrography , diebold , davison , writ .  
2	Subject: global risk management operations congratulations , sally ! srs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherri reinartz / corp / enron on 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rick causey 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 04 pm sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: viagra online now prescription medicine through an easy , secure and confidential environment . write injuries in dust , benefits in marble . art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life . slow but sure moves the might of the gods . 
2	Subject: tenaska iv receivables the email below is from james armstrong regarding two transport deals for cpr fuels . the deal numbers are 557869 and 514056 . can you tell me about these ? james thinks these are 3 rd party sales that he needs to be paid for . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 03 / 05 / 2001 07 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james armstrong @ ect 03 / 02 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : tenaska iv receivables megan , i have some receivables recorded on tenaska for december and january sales activity that i have not received yet . they are as follows : month customer volume price amount december cpr fuels 155 8 . 7387 $ 1 , 354 . 50 january cpr fuels 13 , 919 8 . 3271 $ 115 , 904 . 86 totals $ 117 , 259 . 36 can you please let me know what the status is on tenaska iv receiving these funds . let me know if you have any questions . thanks . james 
2	Subject: ql 2001 dpr reclass this is the latest update to the ees dpr . i will keep you updated with any further info . chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris abel / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 02 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - wade stubblefield @ ees 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 59 pm to : georgeanne hodges / enron @ enronxgate , faith killen / enron @ enronxgate , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect cc : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , kevin hughes / hou / ees @ ees , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees , dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , don black / hou / ees @ ees subject : ql 2001 dpr reclass attached is the ql 2001 dpr reclass as of the dpr of march 29 , 2001 . just wanted everyone to have the latest . wade 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: software paradise . bring on the best software . . . at the most reasonable prices ! conformity is the ruin of the mind . i have nothing to declare but my genius . 
2	Subject: tenaska iv receivables daren : can you shed a little light on this tenaska iv deal ? james armstrong is telling me that we should have a purchase deal in the system to pay tenaska iv for the 9 / 00 and 10 / 00 gas that we are marketing for them . i do not see a deal in path manager for either month . i also need some detail on who we are buying and selling this gas from and to . there are a number of counterparties at lonestar for ena and i ' m not sure which ones go with this deal . is there a schedule you can email to me ? james is looking for an answer today on the tenaska iv payment , so whatever you can tell me will be appreciated . thanks , megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james armstrong @ ect 11 / 20 / 2000 06 : 00 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : tenaska iv receivables megan below is a list of the outstanding receivables for tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . ( 1089 ) : september - sales : mmbtu price amount 26 , 275 5 . 20 136 , 630 18 , 538 5 . 06 93 , 802 . 28 20 , 000 5 . 045 100 , 900 25 , 000 5 . 09 127 , 250 totals 89 , 813 $ 458 , 582 . 28 ( this total is per phone conversation with darren farmer ) october - sales summary per detail economics report - 1 , 124 , 275 mmbtu for $ 5 , 148 , 787 . 47 ( these amounts were adjusted for the gas sent to the plant for their direct use - 427 , 851 mmbtu for $ 1 , 245 , 046 . 41 ) . the total of these two amounts is $ 5 , 607 , 369 . 75 . please let me know what the payment schedule is for these amounts . additionally , i need to ask about the payment schedule for tenaska iv this month . i need to find out if i am paying the following bills or if it is something your department is going to pay . please advise : williams energy 1 , 722 , 293 . 49 354 , 175 . 00 2 , 076 , 468 . 49 apache corp 1 , 348 , 500 . 00 txu / lone star 111 , 980 . 31 i need to submit my funding request tomorrow , so please let me know where we stand on these items as soon as possible . thanks . james 
2	Subject: dwr option expires fyi - we proposed several alternatives to dwr that would effectively extend our put swaption through the end of april for a cost to ena of approximately $ 5 mm . none of those were acceptable to dwr . the option will therefore expire at 5 : 00 ppt today . vikram budraja , advisor to gov davis , suggested that we are not dealing in good faith and suggested that he will speak with ken lay ( we have heard this several dozen times ) . in any event , i expect to talk with dwr tomorrow to propose a short - term transaction . they might accept it , reject it or prefer one of the term option proposals . 
2	Subject: some after thoughts to our meeting hi daren , i enjoyed our lunch together yesterday and believe we made a good beginning . you have very high standards for your own performance and are highly committed to the best outcome in all situations . you are likely to have high expectations for results from our coaching meetings this a good formula for success and i will do my best to honor your strengths with a focus on moving the action forward . with this in mind , i had some thoughts and additional questions for reflection following the meeting that i would like to share . you are in a transition from being a high team performer to becoming the leader of a high performing team . one of your frustrations as leader is that members of your team seem to rely too much on you to solve problems that arise in the day to day operations of the team . at first you responded to their requests for help by solving it for them , then you shifted to using questioning techniques to have them solve the problem with you . you have also offered some training to address the learnings needed to be more independent problem solvers . you are frustrated when some members of the team continue to come to you with questions they should be able to solve and when they fail to implement changes that you have trained them to use . you are seeking ways for the the team to have the same problem solving ability that they come to you for . you have recruited people with this ability and you seek to expand it in the team . this issue was the focus of our first session and needs to be the focus our next meeting . the question is : how to engage the team in solving this problem . how do i get the members of this team to own this responsibility and begin creating their own solutions ? what resources are needed by each person to contribute more to this problem ? how do i involve the team members more in the solving of this problem ? what new behaviors do i need to employ to increase the involvement of the team ? what do i need to change in myself or my relationship to the people in order to engage them more actively in the problem ? there is one dimension that i am clear about . i know that you have used performance appraisals to give feedback . have you put this issue before the team as a whole for the team to solve or have you tried to change individual team members ? i look forward to our meeting on the 17 th . keep growing ! mike teamleadership center mobile : 713 - 598 - 6732 office : 713 - 871 - 8326 fax : 713 - 871 - 1707 home : 409 - 321 - 0680 mam @ teamlead . com 
2	Subject: consolidated london doorstep findings attached is the spreadsheet requested that consolidates common findings in london across commodities . let me know if you have any questions or comments . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? paris hilton prefers ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? rolex , cartier and ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? breitling ?  genuine reproductions wristwatches we offer the following trademarks available besides : bvlgari vacheron constantin glashute original chronoswiss tudor  
2	Subject: here you dreamt dkg get out of list ? click here  
2	Subject: fw : press release eric , i did not send to corp . i assume you will to the extent required . you can reach letty at 713 - 552 - 2227 . let me know how i can help . thanks don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : serna , leticia [ mailto : lserna @ tractebelusa . com ] sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 4 : 19 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) cc : restrepo , juan subject : press release per juan restrepo ' s request : attached is the monterrey press release for your comments . since juan will be out of the office tomorrow , can you provide any comments to me by tomorrow afternoon ? thank you , letty > 
2	Subject: can you last 36 hours ? f 8 oib ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / partied . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / partied . net / rm . php ? ronn h 7 oggj  
2	Subject: re : of morning over a madam or sir : i am glad to inform you that your name was selected for the special government grant " r a t e freez " program . this qualifies you to lower your ra t e by 2 % . because the spots are limited we need to respond within 24 hours of this notification to reserve your spot . http : / / www . kyqdv . com / thank you . hilario 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020501 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' ecthou - bps 3 ' . table - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstnw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm 
2	Subject:  enquire within for . . . brand new tada _ lafll softabs for rock l . nstant erectlon . s just put half a dose under your tongue 10 mins prior to desired time of play , for results that last all day long . rrp price per dose : $ 19 / dose orde . r from . us tod . ay at an insane price of $ 3 . 45 / dose nothnks  
2	Subject: windows 2000 $ 50 , adobe pagemaker $ 80 , ms office 2003 $ 80 charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > driveller pastorate colorful myotis super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - handsomely vigeur moodily troubles layman secondbest blueblack notepaper cycadaceae  
2	Subject: appointment change for neva . my girl and i both swear by this new product . because she loves it when it ' s deep inside her . this helps me to become the real man for her . i use it everyday and i ' m damn proud of it ! stoop thiiiiiiis . nibble pyrimidine litmus doubleton sibling beige brisk ordnance eyeglass nonogenarian simplicial clot appellate anecdotal bernardino chemisorb chose jaguar psychiatrist muir revision tanh bronchitis dispelled belgium traipse auction . famine officemate calculate catalytic institution wrestle technion geodetic protrusive forswear circuitous roy sideman counterbalance feldman capacity technocratic campion sheep duffy conduit fisherman demurring lady urbane baseband impudent robbin devonshire ride argive agglutinate abo jeopard anecdotal coffin welles furnace headway .  
2	Subject: offce 200 o premium edition pe clearance wlndows software half pr ! ce leading software such as : windows x . p professional + office x . p professional for as low as 8 o do | | ars full 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / directorate . bestsoftshop . info / the offer is valid till december 29 th the stock is limited check out your details hallie best cuillerer geneart gmbh , regensburg , 93053 , germany phone : 711 - 447 - 8467 mobile : 741 - 184 - 7417 email : tzzfua @ wongfaye . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this download is a 13 hour usage freeware notes : the contents of this paper is for understanding and should not be coy kindred worthy landlord keel time : tue , 14 dec 2004 17 : 20 : 50 + 0200 
2	Subject: re : martin lin norma , thanks for your message . approved . vince from : norma villarreal 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : martin lin per my voice mail to vince , martin lins offer letter will be provided to him on thursday , august 31 , 2000 . however , a concern was shared regarding the retention bonus we originally discussed . therefore , based on his phd and market information we are able to offer him a base salary of 98 - 100 k and no retention bonus . we can discuss retention bonus after he begins his manager role in your group . if you would like to discuss further please feel free to call me . otherwise , please approve salary structure of base 98 , 000 with no bonus . thank you . norma villarreal x 31545 
2	Subject: re : equistar swing 5 / 01 tejas is allocating the 9 th and 10 th to enron . from : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 24 / 2001 04 : 38 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : equistar swing 5 / 01 on what day ( s ) are they showing the excess volumes ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parker , megan sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 11 : 22 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : equistar swing 5 / 01 we need to add tgpl meter 52 - 1087 to deal 895951 . we have some swing gas for may that we need to allocate . thanks , megan  
2	Subject: fw : ca capacity report fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hass , glen sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 11 : 45 am to : fossum , drew ; fritch , bret ; harris , steven ; kilmer iii , robert ; lokey , teb ; mccarty , danny ; miller , mary kay ; petersen , keith ; porter , gregory j . ; veatch , stephen ; watson , kimberly subject : ca capacity report attached is an updated interstate pipeline capacity to california report with changes and additions highlighted . gh 
2	Subject: financial freedom dear friend , how would you like to make $ 50 , 000 in the next 90 days ? sounds impossible ? i guarantee that it ' s true , and you can do it . i ' m sure you would like an extra $ 50 , 000 to spend . for more information , please visit the website below . if the above link does not work , please copy the address and paste it into your web browser . at the very least take a minute to look at what is on the site , it may change your life forever . note : this is not an unsolicited e - mail . by request , your e - mail address has been verified by you to receive opt - in e - mail promotions . if you do not wish to receive these emails and want to unsubscribe yourself from the terms of this verification , please reply to this email with the word " remove " in the subject line , and you will be removed from our mailing list . 
2	Subject: please print - - - - - - - - - forwarded message - - - - - - - - - - from : " scott franks " to : " ' jill tackett ' " , " provance , ann " @ mail . clearsail . net , " ' tonya farmer ' " cc : " provance , ann " @ mail . clearsail . net , " ' gayla deluke ' " date : thu , 12 jul 2001 18 : 19 : 18 - 0500 subject : new members message - id : i ' ll now be including gayla on these e - mails because she has agreed to write brief profiles of each new family for the bulletin . here are the first friends candidates from this week ( please remember to tell me what assignments you made so i can track that with my new member data - thanks ! ) jeanna bent 8002 fonthill dr spring , tx 77379 281 - 376 - 4470 ( champion oaks ) michael and jeanna are both cpa ' s . they have a 7 - year - old son named mason . michael ' s company will be relocating to new hamphsire in the fall , but he does not want to move , so he will be looking for a new job soon . michael was just baptized two weeks ago after studying with gerald bendele . he was raised in a catholic background . i believe jeanna has been a christian for some time . sandra caballero 19707 rackingham humble , tx 77338 281 - 540 - 2331 don & sandra are transferring membership from hidden valley c of c . prior to that they attended katy for several years . don works at compaq and sandra is at clark electric and spring isd . they have a 16 year old son named daniel at spring h . s . and an 18 year old daughter named amanda at north harris community college . vickie gonsoulin 15718 falling creek houston , tx 77068 281 - 444 - 8157 ( h ) ( oak creek ) vickie and bill are transferring from the magnolia church . they have a son named dustin who is a junior in high school . he participated with bammel ' s ltc program even before they placed membership here . they also have an older , married son . bill grew up in this area . in fact , ron anders was his football coach . get internet access from juno ! juno offers free or premium internet access for less ! join juno today ! for your free software , visit : http : / / dl . www . juno . com / get / tagj . 
2	Subject: hpl anniversary dinner confirmation thank you ! we ' ve received your registration for the 75 th anniversary dinner . mark your calendar and plan to have an enjoyable evening . sincerely , meetingstop @ aol . com 
2	Subject: where you are my sweete ? r chat id : nyu _ hottie realname : jill location : new york state age : 20 maritalstatus : single and looking gender : female occupation : student about me : hey my name is jill and i ' m a student at nyu , i ' ve always wanted to be a model and an actress and i just added my webcam to this site cuz i don ' t know how to do it myself . all you have to do is sign up - to keep out minors - and you can watch me and chat ! it ' s totally free ! signup today i ' m online now ! send me a message signup today and get 48 hours for free  
2	Subject: at last , smart filtering technology that works blake let me tell you a little bit about myself and why i am imposing on your valuable time . my name is jeffrey and i have been in business on the internet selling health supplements for over 10 years . can you imagine the amount of spam i used to receive daily after 10 years of business ? let me tell you . it was overwhelming to say the least . in a short amount of time was very difficult to operate my online business . since my email accounts are for business use and all of my customers knew me by them , it was imperative that i kept them . i was determined to stop my inboxes from getting cluttered every day . i tried every method possible to keep my inboxes clean but it was getting worse by the month . after spending hundreds of dollars on spam blockers and countless hours i finally found the perfect solution . it is called email box filter . email box filter was a lifesaver for me . i literally stopped the hundreds of unwanted emails i was getting everyday and have not missed one single important email . on top of all that i have eliminated any email virus threat . here is a link where you can see all the facts . add your address here to be taken out of our datbase . market researc - h 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507  
2	Subject: contact name for executing gisb agreement darren i called this afternoon but you were out . i hope all is well with you with respect to the recent events . would you please call me regarding the following two matters . 1 ) i am looking for a contact name and number for the person at enron that can help us get a gisb agreement in place . our company went through a large bank financing and we are going to be conducting commercial operations under the entity known as anp funding i , llc . therefore , we would like to set up a gisb agreement between enron and anp funding i , llc . becky kalmick works with me and she is responsible for executing the gisb agreement . would you please let me know who we can speak with regarding the agreement . also , would you please give your contact heads up as to what we want to do . please note that i am dealing with mary cook in your company regarding the execution of an isda agreement . becky kalmick work 713 - 613 - 4376 email bkalmick @ anpower . com 2 ) i would like to talk with you about the hays power plant that connected to oasis pipe line and el paso texas pipeline . we have firm transport on oasis from either waha , katy or mid - state . thanks trey 713 - 613 - 4396 
2	Subject: offshore pharmacy online pharmacy provides secure access to prescription drugs discreet packaging and overnight shipping you don ' t even need a prescription jan lucastiffany guess yoda abcdef fountainmillion tacobell japan dickhead percy amandal button chaos mookie jeanette aspendundee zenith gray tigre marcus asterix shelley flightpercy beanie qwertyl 2 nurse memoryricky medical polo depeche cascade pedro  
2	Subject: benchmarking study sally , i gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request . they renewed their request for enron ' s participation . what is your view on this ? do you think the benefits of knowing what ' s going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the project . my recommendation is to forget it . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001 03 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " theresa sanders " on 12 / 27 / 2000 01 : 32 : 18 pm to : cc : subject : benchmarking study dear vince , peter nance and i wanted to follow - up our discussion of enron ' s participation in our benchmarking study . have you discussed enron ' s participation in the project with your colleagues ? here is a small sample set of metrics that were taken from a comprehensive list of over 700 metrics . the study group will decide which metrics to use . with eei ' s credibility and teknecon ' s technical expertise , we intend to become the industry standard in benchmarking . we would very much like to have enron participate in the study . i would be happy to set up another meeting with you and your colleagues with peter nance if you think that would be helpful . best regards , theresa sanders director of business development alliance of energy suppliers edison electric institute tel : 202 - 508 - 5183 - eei metrics - short list . xls - ebrochure . doc - riskbenc . ppt 
2	Subject: impress her with a rolex ! body a href  http : / / www . ereplicasonline . com div style  position : relative ; margin : 0 20 px ; 0 0 ; float : left ; div style  position : absolute ; width : 230 px ; height : 44 px ; background : # cccccc ; left : 3 px ; top : 3 px ; / div div style  position : relative ; width : 230 px ; div x 0 lpx 0 ; border - style : solid ; border - width : 1 px ; border - color : # ffd 300 # ff 7700 # ff 7700 # ffd 300 ; er / div div style  text - align : center ; position : relative ; margin : 0 0 0 e - replicas / div div style  text - align : center ; position : relative ; float : left ; font - size margin : 20 px 0 0 0 ; we won ' t be beaten on price ! brbrbrbr / div / div / div div style  position : relative ; margin : 0 0 0 270 px ; div style  font - family : arial , sans ; font - size : 12 px ; padding : 0 0 0 10 px ; line - height : 22 px ; position : relative ; pif you are after a genuine rolex replica then stronglook no further ! / strong i would like to recommend to you this website . all of the replica watches you will find here are second to none and nobody will ever know it is not the genuine article . every little detail has been covered , right down to the little green rolex sticker and serial numbers . / p / div ul style  position : relative ; color : # 303030 ; padding : 0 ; margin : 0 ; font - fa li style  background : # e 8 e 8 e 8 ; border - bottom : 2 px solid # ffffff ; list - styl e : none ; padding : 5 px 10 px 5 px 10 px ; genuine swiss rolex replicas / li li style  background : # e 8 e 8 e 8 ; border - bottom : 2 px solid # ffffff ; list - styl e : none ; padding : 5 px 10 px 5 px 10 px ; wholesale prices direct to the public / li li style  background : # e 8 e 8 e 8 ; border - bottom : 2 px solid # ffffff ; list - styl e : none ; padding : 5 px 10 px 5 px 10 px ; world wide shipping / li li style  background : # e 8 e 8 e 8 ; border - bottom : 2 px solid # ffffff ; list - styl e : none ; padding : 5 px 10 px 5 px 10 px ; the lowest prices guranteed ! / li / ul div style  padding : 10 px 0 0 10 px ; font - weight : bold ; text - decoration : un derline ; color : # 0000 ee ; online store - click here / div / div / a a href  http : / / www . replicaoutlet . biz style  text - decoration : none ; col or : # 666 ; font - family : verdana , sans ; font - size : 10 px ; margin : 50 px 0 0 10 px ; displ ay : block ; do you want to opt - 0 ut ? / a / body pinkfloy justinlscarlett charlott sonny cesar pinkfloyamandal angus obiwan gretchen timber charliel abby corrado julia lulu montrealcherry monopoly roxy butch raptor katie tacobell yomamaabby mikael dougie cracker churchmagnum doug peggy metallic tattoo pisces  
2	Subject: fwd : here ' s all drugs . xana _ x _ . viagr @  : v : alium ? fi ' 0 ric 3 t % p : n : termin * s : o : ma ky 6 kh all prescriptions are issued by our licensed u . s . physicians and prescriptions are dispensed by a licensed u . s . pharmacy that practices in compliance with fda regulations . your choices : - . s . oma ) v @ 1 | um ` xan _ a _ x ? : p : ntermin , v | @ gra . ativ @ ` n plus : p : @ xil , busp ' @ r , ad : | pex , io * namin , m 3 ri : dia , x 3 ni : ca | , a . mbi 3 n , sona . ta , fl 3 ' xeril , ce | 3 : brex , fioric ` 3 t , tram @ . do | , u , l ` 3 vitra , pro ' p 3 cia , acyc | 0 v ' ir , proz ` @ c no appointments - order prescriptions anytime , anywhere . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: imagine - gasoline 27 % cheaper , thorough solstice weigh ingestible fuel - saver - pro this revolutionary device boosts gas mileage 27 % + by helping fuel burn better using three patented processes from general motors . take a test drive today - http : / / www . mrev . biz ? axel  63 proven technology a certified u . s . environmental protection agency ( epa ) laboratory recently completed tests on the new fuel - saver - pro . the results were astounding . master service , a subsidiary of ford motor company , also conducted extensive emissions testing and obtained similar , unheard of results . the achievements of the fuel saver is so noteworthy to the environmental community , that commercial news has featured it as their cover story in their june , 2000 edition . take a test drive today - http : / / www . mrev . biz ? axel  63 no more advertisements , thanks - http : / / www . anesu . com / outsp indispose adams inflect poplin transistor avery anecdote italy vacate laymen furrow  
2	Subject: request from : mr joe mark email fax : 1 561 619 2791 email : mrjoemark @ yahoo . com dear sir request for urgent business relationship – strictly confidential . firstly , i must solicit your strictest confidentiality in this transaction . this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and “ top secret . ” though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you first by your email due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed that it will take at least two to three weeks for a normal post to reach you . so we decided it is best using the email . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am dr . kaku opa , a director general in the ministry of mines and power and i head a three - man tender board appointed by the government of the federal republic of nigeria to award contracts to individuals and companies and to approve such contract payments in the ministry of mines and power . the duties of the committee also include evaluation , vetting and monitoring of work done by foreign and local contractors in the ministry . i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . in order to commence this business , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said funds . the source of this funds is as follows : between 1996 and 1997 , this committee awarded contracts to various contractors for engineering , procurement , supply of electrical equipments such as transformers , and some rural electrification projects . however , these contracts were over - invoiced by the committee , thereby , leaving the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million dollars ( eleven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in excess . this was done with the intention that the committee will share the excess when the payments are approved . the federal government have since approved the total contract sum which has been paid out to the companies and contractors concerned which executed the contracts , leaving the balance of $ 11 . 5 m dollars , which we need your assistance to transfer into a safe off - shore and reliable account to be disbursed amongst ourselves . we need your assistance as the funds are presently secured in an escrow account of the federal government specifically set aside for the settlement of outstanding payments to foreign contractors . we are handicapped in the circumstances as the civil service code of conduct , does not allow us to operate off - shore accounts , hence your importance in the whole transaction . my colleagues and i have agreed that if you or your company can act as the beneficiary of this funds on our behalf , you or your company will retain 20 % of the total amount of us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) , while 70 % will be for us ( members of this panel ) and the remaining 10 % will be used in offsetting all debts / expenses incurred ( both local and foreign ) in the cause of this transfer . needless to say , the trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous . in return we demand your complete honesty and trust . it does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects of this nature described here , the assumption is that your company won the major contract and sub - contracted it out to other companies . more often than not , big trading companies or firms of unrelated fields win major contracts and subcontract to more specialized firms for execution of such contracts . we are civil servants and we will not want to miss this once in a life time opportunity . you must however , note that this transaction will be strictly based on the following terms and conditions as we have stated below , as we have heard confirmed cases of business associates running away with funds kept in their custody when it finally arrive their accounts . we have decided that this transaction will be based completely on the following : ( a ) . our conviction of your transparent honesty and diligence . ( b ) . that you would treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . ( c ) . that upon receipt of the funds , you will promptly release our share ( 70 % ) on demand after you have removed your 20 % and all expenses have been settled . ( d ) . you must be ready to produce us with enough information about yourself to put our minds at rest . please , note that this transaction is 100 % legal and risk free and we hope to conclude the business in ten bank working days from the date of receipt of the necessary information and requirement from you . endeavour to acknowledge the receipt of this letter using my email fax number 1 561 619 2791 or my email address mrjoemark @ yahoo . com . i will bring you into the complete picture of the transaction when i have heard from you . your urgent response will be highly appreciated as we are already behind schedule for this financial quarter . thank you and god bless . yours faithfully , mr joe mark do you yahoo ! ? launch - your yahoo ! music experience http : / / launch . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: toners and inkjet cartridges for less . . . . cun tremendous savings on toners , inkjets , fax , and thermal replenishables ! ! toners 2 go is your secret weapon to lowering your cost for high quality , low - cost printer supplies ! we have been in the printer replenishables business since 1992 , and pride ourselves on rapid response and outstanding customer service . what we sell are 100 % compatible replacements for epson , canon , hewlett packard , xerox , okidata , brother , and lexmark ; products that meet and often exceed original manufacturer ' s specifications . check out these prices ! epson stylus color inkjet cartridge ( so 20108 ) : epson ' s price : $ 27 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 9 . 95 ! hp laserjet 4 toner cartridge ( 92298 a ) : hp ' s price : $ 88 . 99 toners 2 go price : $ 41 . 75 ! come visit us on the web to check out our hundreds of similar bargains at toners 2 go ! request to be removed by clicking here jstaddon - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: summer intern for the research group elizabeth , can you please direct me to someone to assist us in making an offer to a young lady we just interviewed ? we would like to bring her in as a summer intern the same way that we brought in james bradley aimone . she will be reporting to stinson gibner and i believe she is available right away . i am attaching her resume . thanks for your help . 
2	Subject: expert finder https : / / expertfinder . enron . com / 
2	Subject: interview with enron corp . research good morning adam : the enron corp . research group would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience . please give me some dates and times that would be convenient to , sometime within the next 2 - 3 weeks and i will coordinate an interview schedule . i look forward to hearing from you very soon . best regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " adam bobrowski " on 03 / 07 / 2001 09 : 45 : 03 pm to : cc : subject : resume dear mr . kaminski , as a follow - up to your oral communication with my friend tom ware , i would like to express my interest in working for your company , enron . please find enclosed my resume and curriculum vitae . if you need additional data , please feel free to call me at ( 713 ) 592 - 8909 ( home ) or ( 713 ) 743 - 3483 ( office ) , or email me at adambob @ stat . rice . edu or adambob @ math . uh . edu . yours sincerely , adam bobrowski . - cvbobrowski . ps - bobrowskiresume . doc 
2	Subject: re : eprm julie , sorry for the delay . i was traveling a lot the last few days . i shall send back my comments by saturday morning my time . vince " julie " on 10 / 13 / 2000 04 : 34 : 17 am to : " vincejkaminski " cc : " lc " , " chris " subject : eprm vince , ? could you please provide me with an indication on whether you will be able to review the latest eprm article in the next day or so ? ? ? look forward to hearing from you shortly . ? julie 
2	Subject: re : sla bo services fred - - i think this looks good . frank and i briefly discussed yesterday . can you bring to the wider group on monday to get their input . remember to encourage them not too be too detailed , as that will be hard to administrate , but hopefully they have some input on the commitments we have included . beth ps can you schedule a meeting mid to late next week after frank incorporates this info into the contract for the 3 of us to review ? i am out at a conference on monday and tuesday - - - - - original message - - - - - from : philipson , fred sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 9 : 09 am to : apollo , beth ; sayre , frank subject : sla bo services > here ' s a copy of the latest draft of the service levels that we may expect to adhere to . we might also start to think about what would happen if we don ' t meet the performance levels indicated . what do we offer up ? how will it be handled . this could possible be addressed in a separate section . see you later today , fred 5 - 9323 
2	Subject: cheapest meds you ' ll find . discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / aujobs . net / ? aa check out our party pack as well ! confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: grow your business you are receiving this email because you registered to receive special offers from one of our marketing partners . if you would prefer not to receive future emails , please click here to unsubscribe : emailmarketing @ eyou . com now there are billions of email users in the world , and this amount is increasing greatlyevery year . people are now sending informations and conducting the internet marketing through email , because of its cheap cost and fast connection . if you want to introduce andsell your product or service , it would be the best way for you to use the email to contact with your targeted customers ( of courseyou shouldbeawareof the customers firstly ) . targeted email is no doubt very effective . if youcould introduce your productor service through email directly to the customer who are interested in them , it will bring to you much more businesschance and success . xinlan internet marketing center , have many years of experience in developing utilizing internet resources . we have set up global business email address databases , which contain millions of email addresses of commercial enterprises and consumersall over the world . these email addresses are sorted by countries and fields . by using advanced professional technology , we also continuously update our databases , add newaddresses , remove undel - iverables and . with the cooperation with our partners , we are able to supply valid targeted email addresses according to your requirements ( for example , you needsome email addresses of importers in the field of auto spare part in england ) . withour supplied email addresses , you can easily and directly contact your potential customers . we also supply a wide variety of software . for example , wcast , the software for fast - sending emails : this software will enableyou to send emails at the rate of over 10 , 000 pcs per hour , and to release information to thousands of people in a short time . we are pleased to tell you that we are now offering our best prices : emails or software remark price 50 , 000 targeted email addresses we are abletosupply valid targeted emailaddresses according to your requirements , whichare all compiled upon yourorder , suchas region / country / occupation / field / domain name ( like aol . com or msn . com ) etc . usd 30 . 00 classified email addresses our database contains more than 1600 sort of email addresses , and can meet with your different demands . such as : business email addresses in japan . 8 millions email addresses 8 millions global commercial enterprises email addresses usd 240 . 00 wcast software software for fast - sending emails usd 39 . 00 email searcher software software for searching targeted email addresses usd 68 . 00 global trade poster spreading information about your business or products over 3000 trade message boards and newgroups . usd 135 . 00 jet - hits plus 2000 pro software for submitting website to 8000 + search engines usd 79 . 00 you can order the emails or softwares directly from our website . for more details , please refer to our website . it is our honour if you are interested in our services or softwares . please do not hesitate to contact us if any queries or concerns . it is always our pleasure toserve you . thanks and best regards ! k . peng marketing manager emailcentre @ 163 . com http : / / emailcenter . 51 road . com xinlan internet marketing center  
2	Subject: uregent ! important information about your website . . . . hello , my name is steve scott and i ' m president and ceo of the worlds largest and most profitable online internet affiliate program . i will like to share with you on how i made thousands of website owners like yourself very rich . yes , i mean filthy rich . the system i developed and you are about to learn earns awesome cash from any computer connected to the internet , anywhere in the world . in one month you can earned more than an entire years work ! making money doesn ' t get any easier than this ! you can now join the highest converting and the highest paying affiliate program on the net . get paid 75 % commission on the worlds most wanted product . yes our product sells itself . here are just a few reasons to join our program : - our average affiliates makes up to $ , 4750 per day guaranteed ! - participate for free - our product sells itself guaranteed . - highest conversion rate . over 85 % of those who visit our site signs up . - you will receive up to 75 % commission - new ! 2 tier program . yes , you can make residual income from affiliates you sign up too . - start making money within 15 minutes - after you sign up free - you can see your earnings in real time - we take care of everything - we are one of the largest online affiliate program site on the net . - you will receive email notifications every time someone signs up . - and best of all you don ' t need a website to join . the program is free to join and you can instantly generate an ongoing stream of income without any cost or obligation on your part . if you are interested in making extra income please visit our web site for more details . go to - - with best regards , steve scott steve scott productions 2174 rodeo dr beverly hills , ca 90210 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : personal information needs to be updated janet , please submit this name change to the tpc as soon as possible . thanks , hgm susan wimberley @ ect 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron cc : dfarmer @ enron . com @ enron subject : re : personal information needs to be updated once this is fixed in sap i will be able to change it in pep . the data integrity team is being really strict on the name field . it has to be changed in sap before i am allowed to change it in pep . please let me know when this has been done and i will make the change asap . enron capital & trade resources corp . from : hector mcloughlin @ enron 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 24 pm to : susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect cc : dfarmer @ enron . com subject : re : personal information needs to be updated is it possible that his first name show as " j darren " ? daren is his middle name and the name that everyone addresses him by . we would also be glad to submit the change in sap if the system will accept j darren as the first name . please advise . thanks for your help , hgm susan wimberley @ ect 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 12 pm to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron cc : dfarmer @ enron . com @ enron subject : re : personal information needs to be updated please note that the name in pep has to mirror what is in the source system . currently there is not a field in pep for nicknames . enron capital & trade resources corp . from : hector mcloughlin @ enron 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 48 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com , susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : personal information needs to be updated susan , would you please take care of mr . farmer ' s request ? i am not able to change names . thanks for your help , hgm dfarmer @ enron . com on 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 15 : 08 pm to : hector . mcloughlin @ enron . com cc : subject : personal information needs to be updated this message is from farmer , jerry d : my name should be changed from farmer , jerry d to farmer , j daren 
2	Subject: wanted to try ci 4 lis but thought it was way too expensive for you ? viagra at $ 1 . 12 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now . order viagra at incredibly low prices $ 1 . 12 per dose . unbelivable remove  
2	Subject: re : / 2 - u / p . harmaaccy hello , weicome to wpipharmbyjmail shop and save up to 80 % va m , vl ra , cla s , am en andman llu ag ll bl yother . have a great day .  
2	Subject: generic contract hi daren , sorry for the delay . here is a blank contract . let me know if i can do anything else for you . pmac - proforma intrastate . doc 
2	Subject: congrats sally , congratulations ! ! very much deserved ! i hope everything else is going well . let ' s try to do lunch soon . kristin 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012222 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : agenda for houston visit hi mike , thanks for the message . here is one more reason why we should have our own in - house modelling : the pcmdi nwp weather maps have been discontinued the pcmdi wxmap web has been discontinued starting 20 december , 2000 please see the u . s . navy wxmaps at . . . i will shortly forward a set of minimum requirements ( hardware . . . ) , softare has been written by me , with some public domain software . i am thinking of setting up an internal website with model output data , and verification info . cheers , christian mike a roberts @ ect 21 / 12 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : christian werner / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for houston visit christian , just finished meeting with pual , vince & mark new plan : let ' s plan on your coming to houston march 12 th - april 2 nd ( after our summer / winters respectively but . . let ' s proceed with the project without pause : 1 . please send up the software that needs to be installed along with operating system requirements 2 . please copy me on forecasting provided to sydney office on a daily basis if we work on these two fronts , it will optimize your time here and permit transotion to cover your forecasting there thanks - - - mike 
2	Subject: re : black marlin it has been taken care of . let me know if you need anythign further . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 1 : 20 pm to : olsen , michael cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : black marlin have you had a chance to look at this yet ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : friday , september 07 , 2001 4 : 41 pm to : olsen , michael cc : farmer , daren j . subject : black marlin mike , i show you pathed deal 951474 on 8 / 23 / 01 for production months january and february 2001 . this deal expired 12 / 31 / 00 , and the late pathing has caused a bridgeback error for january and february 2001 . > 
2	Subject: big news will take this stock to the next level otcbb stock alert ' s last two picks : iotn from . 74 to 3 . 65 in 8 days for a gain of 393 % ! mobl from . 09 to . 29 in 6 days for a gain of 223 % ! here is our next explosive stock pick : diversified product inspections , inc . ( otc - bb : dpri ) buy at . 33 sell target . 94  diamond play ! major contract announcements and huge newsletter coverage this week for dpri ! dpri has been saving the largest insurance companies in the us $ millions for over 14 years by performing defective product and fire investigations and air quality analysis . the number of annual product inspections performed by dpri with regard to investigating defects has tripled to 10 , 000 per year up from 3 , 000 three years ago as insurers see the financial rewards of identifying the exact cause of a defective or failed product . dpri reported positive earnings of . 04 cents per share in 2003 with . 07 cents per share expected for the current year . the stock should be trading conservatively at over 1 . 50 on the strength of those figures . dpri ' s client base reads like a who ' s - who of the insurance industry including allstate , fireman ' s fund , hartford , liberty mutual , nationwide , prudential , republic , state farm and travelers . dpri has the largest and most thorough database in the us for identifying product defects that are responsible for hundreds of millions in damage . dpri has little to no competitors in this arena and just signed a contract for a single company to pay them $ 1 million for access to this database over a 10 year period . that ' s just one company out of hundreds that can ' t afford to be without this valuable information . billionaire - financial genius warren buffet has grown his berkshire hathaway empire ( trading at over $ 80 , 000 per share ) on the explosive cash flow from 3 insurance subsidiaries : national indemnity , geico , and reinsurance giant general re . dpri is being force - fed ever increasing amounts of business by the leading core of this very successful sector but has remained below the radar of investors , thus creating a share price that is artificially undervalued . dpri has the proven experience that fosters escalating revenues and growth . based on the very small float and the ability for the stock to jump sharply on any real volume , upcoming news and continuous profits will lead to increased exposure in conjunction with a soaring stock price . we are expecting significant upcoming news regarding increased revenues and contract expansion from dpri ' s fortune 500 customer base . look for record volume and price appreciation as dpri may very well be one of the most undervalued stocks on the otcbb ! required dpri information : otcbb stock alert is an independent newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an offer to buy or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is recommended that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . otcbb stock alert presents information in this online report believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . otcbb stock alert received fifteen thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this special online report as an effort to build investor awareness for dpri . the information reported herein contains future - looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . future - looking statements are based on expectations , estimates , and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  
2	Subject: the penis patch is amazing the penis patch is amazing http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / who can believe that there is no soul behind those luminous eyes ! nobody cares if you can ' t dance well . just get up and dance . no man is happy who does not think himself so . though this be madness , yet there is method in ' t . hell has no benefits , only torture . 
2	Subject: red rock open the attachment and call me at 3 - 0667 . 
2	Subject: we owe you lots of money dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . kxxjn . com / i / lzevaw 5 8 zymg 5 ollie markswv kennedy financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 4 : heeralal celle darell doctorate egypthttp : / / www . kxxjn . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: ngi article on tw ruling ngi ' s daily gas price index published : october 29 , 2001 alj clears transwestern of market power charges a ferc administrative law judge has found no improprieties , nor evidence of the exercise of market power in negotiated rate contracts between transwestern pipeline and two shippers on its system , which resulted in the shippers being charged as much as $ 27 / mmbtu last february , far in excess of the pipeline ' s allowed transportation rate of 38 cents / mmbtu ( rp 97 - 288 - 009 ) . alj jacob leventhal had only one fault to find , and that was with transwestern ' s method of posting capacity . the judge said , and transwestern agreed , to modify its tariff " so that all posting , bidding and award procedures are set forth in a separate provision with an appropriate caption " on its internet bulletin board . shippers had said that reviewing capacity on the transwestern web site was " a tortuous process . " indicated shippers claimed transwestern ' s inadequate capacity posting and award procedures did not provide all interested parties with an opportunity to bid for the capacity that was available . while " both indicated shippers and ( ferc ) staff find it curious that set ( sempra energy trading ) and richardson ( products co . ) were the sole bidders on the contracts awarded to each of them . . . curiosity does not translate into proof , " the judge said . witnesses in the expedited hearing testified no bids were considered in advance of the capacity posting . the judge subsequently found the capacity was awarded in a manner consistent with transwestern ' s tariff . similarly , levanthal could find no evidence that transwestern exercised market power in negotiating the rates with shippers or withholding or threatening to withhold capacity . the capacity was available at recourse rates , and the shippers knew those rates were available . " staff ' s arguments really are criticisms of the posting and award procedures , but do not demonstrate the exercise of market power . " the two shippers said they made a business decision to propose the " index - to - index " formula that produced the higher rates , rather than take the recourse rate " to minimize any risk on transportation options . " the index - to - index formula refers to taking the difference between the daily published commodity prices at two different points and subtracting to get the transportation rate between them . in this case the two points were the san juan basin and the socal needles delivery point . the case was set for expedited hearing last summer by the commissioners acting on staff recommendations . 
2	Subject: top quality drugs here plug boar justiciable beatify brownie tablecloth ash dilute delivery southampton need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here missy knapsack capacitance asilomar scrawny  
2	Subject: windows 2000 / outlook project - phase i - reminder except marketing : this is a reminder that we are going to begin phase i of the windows 2000 / outlook project . in this phase , we will be gathering information about the hardware and software that you are using within your group . the process will begin with an email inventory . you will receive an email on monday , september 25 , with the subject of w 2 k inventory - please open . all you need to do is open the email message . because the marketing group ' s inventory was performed by omaha , they should not open the message . this email will do a quick inventory of applications you have installed on your pc or that you may access from the network , as well as your desktop hardware specifications . the information gathered from this email will be stored in a notes database for reporting . it is very important that you open this email from your primary workstation . please do not open it remotely , or if you ' re checking someone else ' s mail . if you have any questions , comments , or concerns , please feel free to contact the : ets solution center at x 54745 
2	Subject: re : preliminary " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity attached is the final " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity . from : robert e lloyd 06 / 30 / 2000 05 : 44 pm to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , angela henn / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer blay / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : preliminary " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity attached is a preliminary " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity . 
2	Subject: re : domain registration savings public announcement : the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com today for more info . register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com . registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future . sincerely , domain administrator affordable domains to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here : 47  
2	Subject: 00971 50 2443308 kevin contact me hello , how are you doing with the entire member of your family ? i believed that you will be in better position to corporate with me hence you have vast knowledge in the field of international transaction and investment . i have been seeking a trust worthy person who understand investment ethics to enter into joint venture partnership on a lucrative sectors in your country . my name is mr . luma though not my full name , son of one of the well known rebel leaders in sierra lone ; i will give you my full name later . i am in a hide out now in a country in u . a . e dubai due to recent dead of my father in prison . i have huge sum of money for investment secretly deposited by my late father , the government of sierra lone is searching to recover some of this money which my father made when his rebel troops captured the diamonds mining ? s field in sierra lone . the money is in millions of u . s . dollars ( us 25 . 5 million ) and i cannot move about freely now for reasons i will explain to you later , i need your help urgently for both safe keeping and investing this money in your country . i got your contact through internet when i was searching for a foreign contact . and also help me to invest this money in good and profitable sectors in your country because i do not know anybody there and i am young man i do not have experience of investment . i will be very grateful for your urgent response while hoping to do good investments with you on life time ventures . my best regards . mr . kevin . 
2	Subject: ngx wires louise , can you please confirm to treasury that we can send the wire originally scheduled for friday on wednesday ( amount of ( 9 , 000 , 000 cad ) . mike needs to have all of the cash with ngx by tomorrow morning so that be can trade the 5 day block tomorrow . i have discussed with robin in treasury , but she needs your written authorization to amend the date in the system . we are also sending them a wire for $ 6 mm tomorrow as originally planned . the total wires for the week will be cad 24 , 000 , 000 . thanks , tanya 
2	Subject: re krishnarao , pinnamaneni v review i made a mistake and put comments for another person into krishnar ' s prc . please make sure that you ignore it if i can ' t get it fixed . below is what i intended to put in . my apologies . i will get my assistant to get it deleted and put this information in on monday . it won ' t let me do it now . i guess it does not pay to leave 30 or 40 reviews to the last day . paula : please fix this for me and let vince know either that it is fixed or cannot be fixed . innovation / entrapraneurship no basis communicating goal setting no basis team work / communication excellent . very easy to work with and get along with . business instincts excellent . krishnar is consistent in asking to help out and asking what more he could do to help us out . analystical technical excellent . krishnar has a very strong grasp of what we are doing and how it should be done . overall excellent . my interactions with krishnar have been limited but positive . krishnar is always positive with a positive attitude to get the job done . strengths : very strong analytical skills with a desire to add value . areas for improvements i don ' t understand krisnar ' s role ( is leading all research people on our floor or just some ) well and have had limited interaction with him . { all has been positive when it has ocurred } this suggests that krishnar might spend more time define what his people are doing and getting feedback about their performance , and developing the project scope better . 
2	Subject: your membership community charset  iso - 8859 - 1 your membership community & commentary ( august 3 , 2001 ) it ' s all about making money information to provide you with the absolute best low and no cost ways of providing traffic to your site , helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every net - preneur . - - - this issue contains sites who will trade links with you ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - in this issue - - - - - - - - - - - - - top ten most important things to do today member showcase commentary quick tips win a free ad in community & commentary | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > today ' s special announcement : | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > right now , this week only - we have left over inventory , it ' s unsold , but not for long . if you could use 1 million banner ads all targeted and dirt cheap go here today . this package is guaranteed ! ! it ' s tough to fail when you can show your ad to 1 , 000 people for less than a buck ! a free custom banner will be made for you with this deal ! | | |  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  > > you are a member in at least one of these programs - you should be in them all ! http : / / www . bannersgomlm . com http : / / www . profitbanners . com http : / / www . cashpromotions . com http : / / www . mysiteinc . com http : / / www . . com http : / / www . freelinksnetwork . com http : / / www . myshoppingplace . com http : / / www . bannerco - op . com http : / / www . putpeel . com http : / / www . putpeel . net http : / / www . sellinternetaccess . com http : / / www . be - your - own - isp . com http : / / www . seventhpower . com  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  top ten most important things to do today  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  top ten most important things to do today by michael e . angier this is my list . they ' re the ones i ' ve selected for my life at present . consider them suggestions for yourself - - ideas to help you generate your own top ten list . by getting clear on and acting upon your most important steps , you ' ll be moving toward and experiencing your highest and best . 1 . practice gratefulness . reflect upon the things in my life for which i ' m grateful . if i appreciate more of what i have , i will have even more to appreciate . 2 . write out my three most important goals and visualize how my life will be when i have achieved them . feel it . experience it in as much sensory detail as i can possibly imagine . 3 . take some action steps toward each of the three goals . 4 . exercise my body and monitor carefully what i eat and drink . reduce fat and caloric intake while expending more calories . eat only small amounts at one time . 5 . read something educational , inspirational or entertaining - - preferably all three . 6 . meditate . empty my conscious mind and listen to the super - conscious . 7 . have fun doing something i love to do . experience joy . 8 . write something - - anything . if not an article or part of my book , then write in my journal . 9 . perform some act of kindness . do a thoughtful , magnanimous thing - - anonymously if possible . 10 . finish something . do something i can call complete . bonus step : make something work better - - practice ads : automate , delegate and systemize . copyright 2001 michael angier & success networks international . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - about the author . . . michael angier is the founder and president of success networks . success net ' s mission is to inform , inspire and empower people to be their best - - personally and professionally . download their free ebooklet , keys to personal effectiveness from http : / / www . successnet . org / keys . htm . free subscriptions , memberships , books and successmark cards are available at http : / / www . successnet . org  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  member showcase  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  examine carefully - those with email addresses included will trade links with you . . . you are encouraged to contact them . there are many ways to build a successful business - just look at these successful sites & programs other members are involved in . . . * * * * * * * * free cd - rom software * * * * * * * * * over 1000 high quality software titles on cd - rom absolutely free ! yes , the software is free , ( s / h ) click here : http : / / www . adreporting . com / at . cgi ? a  156074 & e  / 2 / stop smoking - free lesson ! ! discover the secret to stopping smoking . to master these powerful techniques , come to http : / / www . breath - of - life . net for your free lesson . act now ! p . s . tell someone you care about . trade links - jturco 3 @ hotmail . com for a limited time only , we are offering - - two - - free ebooks to show you how to make money on the internet ! use our proven , duplicatable methods to get in on this exploding opportunity now ! visit us at : http : / / www . abundance - group . com to collect your free offers ! trade links - gina @ abundancegroup . com life without debt ! what would you do with 5 , 000 10 , 000 20 , 000 100 , 000 ? a " dream team " of heavy hitters are gathering to promote life without debt . get in now to receive massive spillover in the 2 x matrix . http : / / trafficentral . com / lwd / index . htm if you have a product , service , opportunity or quality merchandise that appeals to people worldwide , reach your targeted audience ! for a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you can exhibit your website here , and trade links for only $ 8 cpm . compare that to the industry average of $ 10 - $ 15 cpm . why ? . . . because as a valuable member we want you to be successful ! order today - showcases are limited and published on a first come , first serve basis . for our secure order form , click here : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  commentary quick tips  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  website recommendation : here is a site with some useful tips . example - test your internet connection speed . http : / / www . camscape . com / tips / i doubled my dsl speed with just one minor tweak suggested by one of the links given . submitted by f . knopke imco @ telusplanet . net ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ do you have a marketing hint , product recommendation , or online gem of wisdom you ' d like to share with your fellow subscribers ? with your 2 - 10 line quick tip include your name and url or email address and we ' ll give you credit for your words of wisdom . and , if you ' re looking for free advertising , this isn ' t the place - check out the ' one question survey ' below for a great free advertising offer . send it in to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com with ' quick tip ' in the subject block .  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  win a free ad in community & commentary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  to keep this interesting , how about this , every month we ' ll draw a name from the replies and that person will win one sponsorship showcase in the community & commentary , for free . that ' s a value of over $ 800 . 00 ! respond to each weekly survey , and increase your chances to win with four separate entries . question of the week ( 08 / 03 / 01 ) . . . no right or wrong answers , and just by answering you are entered to win a sponsorship showcase - free ! ~ ~ ~ how many email messages do you get per day ? ~ ~ ~ less than 40 mailto : one @ aeopublishing . com 41 - 100 mailto : two @ aeopublishing . com 101 - 300 mailto : three @ aeopublishing . com 301 - 1000 mailto : four @ aeopublishing . com more than 1000 mailto : five @ aeopublishing . com to make this as easy as possible for you , just click on the hyperlinked answer to send us an e - mail - you do not need to enter any information in the subject or body of the message . * * add your comments ! follow directions above and add your comments in the body of the message , and we ' ll post the best commentaries along with the responses . you will automatically be entered in our drawing for a free sponsorship ad in the community & commentary . please respond only one time per question . multiple responses from the same individual will be discarded . last weeks ' s survey results paid the fees ; and , promptly assigned my www . schoolofgeomatics . com address to a porn shop . thus , i lost 4 years of building up lst place rankings on 12 search engines and 2 nd place on 8 more . this set me back about 4 months : i believe i lost a minimum of $ 50 , 000 . i have also been hit with viruses about 10 times . the first time i lost almost 4 months of work . now , i back up often enough to not to lose so much time . this is also internet theft . these people are nothing but out and out criminals and should spend years behind bars . customers are well protected from credit card theft ; however , merchants can lose a lot of money . i sell only by purchase order and certified or registered company checks . - - peter s . http : / / www . gssgeomatics . com ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ july winner announced ! and the july ' one - question survey ' winner is . . . john stitzel - oldstitz @ yahoo . com congratulations john !  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  to change your subscribed address , send both new and old address to mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com see the link ( below ) for our subscription center to unsubscribe or edit your interests . please send suggestions and comments to : mailto : editor @ aeopublishing . com i invite you to send your real successes and showcase your strategies and techniques , or yes , even your total bombs , " working together we can all prosper . " mailto : submit @ aeopublishing . com for information on how to sponsor your membership community & commentary visit : http : / / bannersgomlm . com / ezine copyright 2001 aeopublishing . com web : http : / / www . aeopublishing . com this email has been sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / d . jsp ? p  oo & id  bd 7 n 7877 . 8 lhtdma 6 & m  bd 7 n 7877 charset  iso - 8859 - 1 in this issue top ten most important things to do today member showcase commentary quick tips win a free ad in community & commentary today ' s special announcement : this email was sent to jm @ netnoteinc . com , at your request , by your membership newsletter services . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy . powered by  
2	Subject: re : trading support operations - london i agree fully with the last sentence . e mail is not an appropriate forum to discuss an issue like this . this may be somewhat moot given fernley ' s latest e mail but i believe this warrants direct communication . fernley , i would suggest you set up a discussion that would include this group and may grow to include aa at some point to get their perspective directly . as i have indicated before , i believe barry is a valuable asset but may need some more managing . ted murphy @ ect 02 / 09 / 2000 12 : 32 pm to : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : trading support operations - london fernley , on january 25 , 1999 , i had breakfast in london with a shaking richard sage who recounted the tail of barry threatening his bonus and employment for doing exactly what jeff skilling told him to do in the previous november . subsequently , richard was " moved " from his position and barry promoted . if that is dealing with the situation , this actually reflects on your credibility . if you think that an open communication , independent back office message was sent to the back and middle office in houston and london by virtue of your promotion of barry twice in 12 months , then you are sorely mistaken . on february 2 , 2000 the arthur andersen team , including tom bauer , john sorrells and jim brown stated that barry was an issue in satisfactorily completing the audit tasks from london . i am not sure what we are attempting to accomplish here . you have dismissed my " advice " and you need to do what you need to do . if the goal is to get me to change my view , you have a big hole to dig out of . i obviously can ' t change your point of view . i still feel a responsiblity to express the views that i have and others are afraid to surface . it is the inability for people to be heard and feel that they will be supported when they step out on a limb that caused us to lose more money trading than we ever have from a little office in the middle of nowhere . need i go on . let us stop the e - mail wars now . they serve no productive purpose . ted fernley dyson 02 / 09 / 2000 04 : 56 am to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : trading support operations - london ted , we have had discussions about barry in the past and i have followed - up on specific instances you have mentioned - i believe they date back to 1998 and prior to my first hand experience of working with barry throughout 1999 , and the people who raised concerns then acknowledge that the environment has changed since then . we are not so barry - dependent . we have a team of quality risk management professionals as evidenced by the fact that it is the primary recruiting ground for the rac team ( david port , oliver gaylard ) . barry ' s role is much less hands - on now and he is not our candidate for the global products position - this will continue to be kevin sweeney . the role i suggest for barry is the high level co - ordination of the operations team - his energy , enthusiasm and ability to execute on a plan , combined with his considerable institutional knowledge , making a superior candidate difficult to find . frankly , i suggested steve young not for additional depth , but to address the relationship issue that clearly exists - i do not belittle this issue , and while i don ' t think that anyone can point to any " prosecutable " offences that barry may have committed in recent history , his management style doesn ' t help to promote the view that he is totally impartial and objective . i will say that he has always been open and frank ( very frank ) with me - indeed if mally and sweeney had been as open we may have had a different story to tell on helsinki . as an aside , i have not been involved in or consulted on the ' world tour ' , although i know that barry suggested this sort of thing to sally a few weeks back . i think it is great that brent price is involved , but we would be happy to contribute staff to this too . regards fernley to : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect cc : rick buy , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : trading support operations - london fernley , as we discussed earlier this year , i have serious concerns about barry that i think are both well - founded and reasonably well documented . to be fair , i will say that since ql of last year , i have not seen any further " prosecutable " offenses and he has made some attempts at being more communicative . however , i am clearly unwilling to stake my career on his transformation , particulary with as influential person as john sherriff in charge of the office . probably more to the point , it continues to concern me that london has not developed an operations team that is not so barry - dependent . evidence to this effect are , the fact that he is your only candidate for the global products position , that someone from houston has to be part of the " world tour " in europe ( brent price ) , that your candidates for a senior interim operations head in helsinki was david port or richard sage , and that your suggestion for additional depth is steve young . further for the record , i believe that i am not the only one with whom barry has a credibility issue - arthur andersen , other global products personnell , and other risk people in london have expressed similar concerns to me - i just happen to be the most vocal . ted fernley dyson 02 / 08 / 2000 04 : 07 pm to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : trading support operations - london rick , not wishing to delay the comprehensive review of our trading support function , particularly as it relates to our global products business , we already have barry pearce taking a lead in this area . the issue of concern is whether this should be an interim measure or a more permanent solution . well - nothing is permanent in enron and i think barry understands this as well as anybody . if we had a more suitable candidate , we would give him / her the job . i have seen barry develop and mature over the last 12 months along with the team that we have built around him . i ' m convinced that he can add significant value by drawing the global products support functions ' in to the fold ' . however , he clearly has a credibility issue with ted in particular and , whilst i do not share ted ' s views , i do not hold barry out as a saint and i can see recurring problems if such a key relationship is not well grounded . i suggest that we continue to search for a candidate - known and trusted within houston , who can instill confidence there . steve young ( head of rac in london ) may be an interesting option , although i ' m sure he would not be easy to replace . in the meantime we need barry to take things forward and i will be monitoring the situation very closely . regards fernley . 
2	Subject: buy oil stocks now calgary , alberta , jul 7 , 2005 ( ccnmatthews via comtex ) - - on behalf of smsmobility , inc . ( the company ) ( pink sheets : smso ) president rod burns , is pleased to report that the company has executed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with quest oil corporation ( otcbb : qoil ) for a joint venture on two of its development programs in texas . the nettie gardner lease is located in central texas and the eastland county lease is located in north central texas . the nettie gardner lease is comprised of 116 acres , which forms the southernmost extension of the exoc field discovered in 1976 by the bishop - biemer - 1 well . oil production occurs from the jennings gas sand and the gardner sandstone at a depth of approximately 1 , 000 ft to 3 , 000 ft . eastland county is situated between abilene and dallas - fort worth , texas . eastland county straddles the bend arch , a geological structural high that separates the fort worth basin to the east from the midland basin to the west . on the eastern side of the arch , the rock stratum declines to the east into the fort worth basin . for stratigraphic purposes , the area can be considered the westernmost extension of the fort worth basin and an extension of the barnett shale play . mr . burns commented , this joint venture represents a significant first step in our efforts to refocus the company ' s business direction . we are extremely pleased to be able to enter into this working arrangement with the management of quest oil corp . and look forward to being part of the successful development of these properties . in addition to other projects under consideration , we are confident that these projects will contribute positive cash flow to the company as well as adding long term value for our shareholders . quest director , mr . cameron king , mba , commented , quest is very pleased to develop a working relationship with star petroleum corp . ( smsmobility ) , management has demonstrated a commitment to establish a presence in the industry by joint venturing on our most recent acquisitions . additional information will be available upon the execution of the joint venture agreement . about quest oil corporation the company is committed to the exploration and development of economical oil and natural gas reserves globally . quest management is focused on an acquisition program targeting high quality and low risk prospects . initially , quest is focused on the development of north american oil and gas resources allowing highly leveraged production opportunities . about smsmobility / star petroleum corp . the company is under a change in direction and is currently acquiring and venturing within the oil and gas sector . the focus and development will be described in enhanced detail in the near future . for more information on the specifics of the properties and the planned drilling programs , please visit the quest oil website at www . questoil . com . on behalf of the board quest oil corporation . cameron king cameron king mba - director this press release contains statements , which may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward - looking statements . important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward - statements include fluctuation of operating results , the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before - mentioned transactions . the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward - looking statements to reflect changed assumptions , the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results . smsmobility , inc . rod burns president ( 403 ) 804 - 1063 or quest oil corporation : investor information mr . darren hayes , corporate development 1 - 866 - 264 - 7668 website : www . questoil . com safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . estockquest is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . estockquest assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in smco ' s financial or operating condition . as estockquest has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . estockquest accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . smco will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars for the transmission of this message . estockquest and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . estockquest 1426 15 th ave . north texas city , tx 77590 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: bonds the difference is $ 4 , 391 . you can send more if you would like to add to the tax - free money fund . thank you keith hazlewood edward jones p . o . box 9479 the woodlands , tx 77387 
2	Subject: all prescriptions are dispensed by licensed pharmacists enjoy great sex by taking viagra ! become a fixer , not just a fixture . reform , v . a thing that mostly satisfies reformers opposed to reformation . friends may come and go , but enemies accumulate . 
2	Subject: refill notification ref : wx - 339097195 refill notification ref : dq - 4723234506632 dear bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , charles brandon southpaw femur eloquent whom chamberlain augment elijah congress coralberry teal cutesy calfskin pyrimidine toothpaste antiquity gogh gee rockbound angelfish blenheim jealous think conley lame fredholm combine occur sloganeer lodowick torn falloff dress concede excellent candela ambush enrollee felicity corpse ketchup ambrosia gambol arbitrage argonaut badminton pick dec have beatnik tuxedo british cloth abhorrent heathenish  
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 9 - us terrorism attacks report below continues our reporting from yesterday and covers the impact of the terrorist attacks on us market openings / closings , energy infrastructure , and political outlook . we will be providing a full strategy memo on the broader impact of the crisis on the us economy , world energy markets , and international security later today . a . market updates u . s . markets ? us equity markets are closed today but may open friday . nyse / nasdaq / amex officials will reconvene later today to decide on restart . ? regular nymex trading is cancelled for thursday and no restart date has been determined . nymex is trying to start access trade via internet on thursday afternoon . ? cbot to close a / c / e electronic futures early at 1300 cdt . ? the federal reserve board injected $ 38 . 25 billion into the financial system yesterday by buying government bonds from investment houses . typically it buys only a few billion dollars in bonds in a day . ? marsh & mcclennan reports that about 700 employees who worked in one of the two towers are still missing . ? morgan stanley chief executive philip j . purcell told msdw employees that the " vast majority " of its 3 , 500 employees in the center had been accounted for . ? keefe bruyette nikkei tested below 9500 in morning session before closing unchanged ; other asia mostly higher europe ? mid - session all indices up marginally , ftse strongest , within striking distance of 5000 ? ecb leaves rate unchanged ; no coordinated g 7 action on rates or currency ? gold : up marginally near $ 280 in range trading , no moves to support eary wed . spike into low $ 290 s ? brent crude : down on saudi , kuwaiti support , pledges to make up any shortages forex ? eurodollars pricing inter - meeting fed cut , but g - 7 communique ; boe eddie george ' s comments argue for consideration , monitoring over near term rather than any immediate action ? the german finance ministry said on thursday the upcoming meetings of the international monetary fund and g 7 finance ministers may not take place as scheduled although final decisions had not been taken . b . transportation / infrastructure updates gas / power / nuclear infrastructure ? pipelines , under a heightened state of security , are operating at normal levels . ? all 103 nuclear facilities remain at a heightened state of alert . ? energy secretary spencer abraham ( on wednesday ) ordered a halt to all shipments of nuclear materials and the suspension will remain in effect indefinitely . ? consolidated edison , whose operations were most directly affect by tuesday ' s events , said the attack on the wtc had damaged 3 substations ( 2 sustaining permanent damage ) as well as major transmission lines into lower manhattan . ? as a result of the fire at the pentagon , washington gas shut off gas to the building . the distributor will turn service back on when pentagon officials indicate that they are ready to restore service . ? ferc does not plan to re - schedule the regular bi - monthly meeting that was canceled this week , said a spokeswoman for the agency . instead , its next meeting will be sept . 26 . some of the orders that the commission was to have considered " are time - sensitive and probably will have to go out prior to the meeting on the 26 th , " she noted . crude / products / refineries ? some analysts believe that additional attacks could be in the works . one opinion is that future targets could include transportation or petroleum infrastructure . for this reason , the resumption of normal operation at some petroleum import terminals might be delayed ? saudi and other gulf states have pledged to maintain market stability . the uae oil minister said that if the price of oil remains above $ 30 during the opec meeting on september 26 , " opec will concentrate on taking appropriate measures to stabilize the market at an appropriate level . " ? us government waives summer gasoline specs 3 days before expiry ? in this situation ( mideast tensions and likely recession ) , opec will find great difficulty with its normal policy cutting production in order to keep prices strong . ? if the market comes to believe that opec is not capable of enforcing its price floor , it might renew its attack on the bottom of the band and drive prices lower . if the market comes to believe that opec is not capable of enforcing its price floor , it might renew its attack on the bottom of the band and drive prices lower . ? exxonmobil corp . released a statement urging consumers not to horde gasoline . " we have supply available for retail customers and to meet contractual obligations , and encourage customers to maintain their normal buying habits to avoid artificial runouts , " the statement said . ? house energy and commerce committee chairman billy tauzin , ( r - la ) , stated that " the oil supply is hugely adequate ? there is no reason for any american to gouge another american . anyone who is doing that is aiding and abetting the terrorists . " air travel ? newark , la guardia , bush intercontinental , chicago o ' hare and kennedy airports are expected to be open only to incoming flights that were diverted to canada on tuesday . diverted flights expected to resume at 11 am . ? logan airport in boston still closed . ? continental has suspended all scheduled flights today ; diverted flights may operate ? american airlines has suspended regularly scheduled flights until noon cdt ; most diverted flights will remain grounded until further notice . ? southwest has cancelled all flights until further notice and will not resume scheduled service today . ? united will operate diverted flights today ; scheduled service cancelled until noon . ? us airways has canceled flights until further notice ; diverted flights will operate before scheduled service ? american west expects to resume a portion of its flights at 3 pm edt , ramping up operations gradually over the weekend . ? delta expects to conduct very limited operations after noon edt today . inbound flights expected to begin arriving from canada later today . westbound service from europe expected to begin on friday . also , their website indicates that the atlanta airport ( hartsfield ) has been " certified " by the faa . rail travel ? amtrak operating a normal schedule . maritime transportation ? all major port cargo operations other than new york are open and continuing to do business . delays continue due to inspections in major ports , especially for tanker vessels . c . political updates ? bush administration building case for massive military reprisal ; shoring up public support from nato and key allies ; seeking logistical and intelligence support from pakistan . itar - tass reportiing pakistani delegation to kabul to discuss bin laden extradition w / taliban ? pentagon tasked with drawing up plans for military reprisal , but secretary of state powell has stated that " we ' re far from selecting any particular military targets . " ? the options under consideration include more powerful , sustained attacks that accept greater risk to american forces , and may include bombing attacks by manned aircraft and landing special forces troops on the ground . ? this is a nightmare scenario for arab leaders . the situation was already tense due to arab - israeli fighting ; it will now get worse as the bush administration demands absolute cooperation in its anti - terrorism policy , which may include military attacks against states in the region . mideast leaders are very worried by reports that some of the terrorists may have been nationals of their countries ( saudi , egypt , uae ) . they are also uncomfortable with displays of celebration in some arab lands . their immediate priority is to demonstrate that they are on america ' s side , thus the rapid reassurances on oil supplies . ? israeli officials and intelligence analysts reportedly believe that the attacks were too large an operation for any one group . iraq is viewed as the most likely sponsor . ? iraq says us and british planes raid southern iraq , hit homes . us and uk deny the report . ? israel steps up attacks on palestinians ; 13 palestinians killed since wednesday ? senate ' s comprehensive energy bill , like most legislation in congress , is on hold following tuesday ' s attacks . no updated legislative calendar has been announced . 
2	Subject: fresh hot teens college parties with drunk girls don ' t want anymore still secretly admire her from tissue , caricature her you ? with where . cells feels nagging remorse , and box . steal pencils from square .  
2	Subject: provide you a better chance to sav on rnedicals . are you curious where people flnd highquality rneds at lovverprices ? at our chemist - site , you will flnd the answer to it . browse our catalog for quality medicaments on ereection dysfunction , pain , swelling , stress , highcholesterol , man ' s care , musclerelaxant and obesity . our company handles and distributes the or - der in a timely manner , you have a great chance to sav on quality tablets at our store . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . customers can gget their case profile checked by licensed experts for frree . at first , i were not so sure whether eshopping for rneds would suit me . the rneds were definitey ccheaper . i just had a try . and the fact is , it works great to me . i do vvant to let you know i have got the rneds the other day . thank you for your timely services . - - josh d . in il ck not fa o his own country , of r off . " mr . knightley i declare ! - the many wonderful and heroicfe - i must speak to ir - it was a good match . " that match i ma b weeks 1 de up ! " said the this veme , 35 that y ! ' " andthen they repeated the former j  
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program vince , are we on for dinner on sunday at 7 pm ? best regards , nick nick bambos wrote : > > vince , > > i have managed to change my ticket and we can meet for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 / 00 . > shall we say at 7 pm ? > > > > > > giuseppe : can you please join us for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 . we ' d like to briefly > discuss the project too . could i please ask you to make reservations for 3 at > il fornaio or some other nice place in palo alto ? preferably a quiet place where > we can talk . > thanks , > > nick > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > nick , > > > > dinner on sunday would work for me . i shall stay > > in the bay area till monday morning . > > > > vince > > > > nick bambos on 09 / 28 / 2000 08 : 33 : 38 pm > > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > cc : > > subject : re : enron / stanford program > > > > hi vince , > > > > i am on the technical program committee of the infocom 2001 conference , > > and we are meeting in new york city on saturday , october 14 th , to select > > papers for the conference program . i ' m leaving stanford on friday and > > getting back on sunday . > > > > it might be a possibility to have dinner together on sunday , if that would > > work for you . in that case i would have to reschedule my flight to land > > in sfo earlier than i ' m currently scheduled to land . > > > > would dinner on sunday work for you ? any chance we can meet monday for > > lunch ? > > > > i look forward to seeing you . > > > > best regards , > > > > nick > > > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > > nick , > > > > > > i shall be in stanford oct 14 - 15 , visiting my family . > > > i would be glad to meet you ( and possibly giuseppe - your call ) for > > lunch . > > > please , let mer know if you are free on one of these days . saturday would > > > work better for me . > > > > > > vince > > > > > > nick bambos on 09 / 21 / 2000 02 : 09 : 46 pm > > > > > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com > > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > > subject : re : enron / stanford program > > > > > > stinson , > > > > > > great ! i ' m looking forward to a very productive collaboration . > > > i ' ll immediately start doing giuseppe ' s papers , for him to work > > > on the enron / stanford program . > > > > > > many thanks to you and vince , and i hope to see you soon at stanford > > > or enron . if i remember correctly , vince is visiting stanford in > > > october . > > > > > > best regards , > > > > > > nick > > > > > > stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > > > > nick , > > > > > > > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this > > > > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your > > program > > > > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to > > accompany > > > > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent > > > > promptly . > > > > > > > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: new message . you have [ 1 ] new message . please view it at : your message will automatically be deleted in 5 days . filler misshapen dairy carmen anglicanism errant finessing cowbell kodak anger genuine arthritis asperity barnstorm placental delectable hemorrhage bender update bulldoze coleman acme herschel safekeeping bobbie total paranoia audiovisual piggyback sousa intransigent nubia purslane opalescent pigeon eva magnesite them riboflavin dostoevsky delicti vie badge apocalyptic burglar aerobic bulb haughty arduous emilio section arsenide porcelain tachistoscope caribbean corpse retard counterman basil natty jackanapes brim escapade crusty seance dim resultant valletta grandiloquent domenico abel sykes bequest latex marshal fireside speckle cheney deniable buffoon weight al antioch keep elsewhere clergymen corporate athletic fallacious mclaughlin guardia alsatian dachshund coaxial intone eigenfunction arachne arcturus dissuade buchwald cellular isocline toothpaste vinyl concision homily bade offload audubon aftermath waterfall contagion contradistinction synonymous thereupon formulae koenig memento affectionate checkbook makeup council mettle fervent tone cornwall isentropic jazzy 2 
2	Subject: mail system error - returned mail this message was undeliverable due to the following reason : ce message n ' a pu átre transmis pour les raisons suivantes : each of the following recipients was rejected by a remote mail server . the reasons given by the server are included to help you determine why each recipient was rejected . les destinataires suivants ont åtå rejetås par un serveur de courrier è distance . les raisons donnåes par le serveur sont incluses pour vous aider è dåterminer le probléme dans chaque cas . recipient : reason : unknown local - part " 1742560 " in domain " primus . ca " please reply to postmaster @ sprint . ca if you feel this message to be in error . veuillez råpondre è postmaster @ sprint . ca si vous pensez que ce message est erronå . 
2	Subject: vl @ gra for less ! today - 2 . 75 $ - szacdnrpxv i hey there , here ' s that link i was telling you about v i @ g r a - usually $ 20 , today just $ 2 ! click with confidence , here . rmeove me now 
2	Subject: great health here chevron we will always have the latest styles before anyone else and our value will never be matched . http : / / v . timecreasewind . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein summertime brings joy to lifemusic makes you dance all night filenamee ffbfd fbntohl mzo 8 darueber flip - mouthpiece and you oh youyou hold me uptill like a leaf we fall  
2	Subject: buy online and save stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / imkjbest . com / z / 
2	Subject: funds flow greg adams in corp is preparing a 9 / 30 look at funds flow / operating cash flow at the corporate and business unit levels for delivery monday . i ' d prefer to distribute that to you than cobble together figures from 9 / 24 ( latest data dump ) given the large amount of activity ( wimpy , inventory , mahonia ) that took place the last week of september . 
2	Subject: urgent safeharbor department warning urgent safeharbor department warning we recently have determined that different computers have logged into your ebay account , and multiple password failures were present before the login one of our customer service employees has already tryed to telephonically reach you . as our employee did not manage to reach you , this email has been sent to your notice . therefore your account has been temporary suspended . we need you to confirm your identity in order to regain full privileges of your account . if this is not completed by june 27 , 2005 , we reserve the right to terminate all privileges of your account indefinitly , as it may have been used for fraudulent purposes . we thank you for your cooperation in this manner . to confirm your identity please follow the link below . ( to complete the verification process you must fill in all the required fields ) please note : if your account informations are not updated within the next 72 hours , then we will assume this account is fraudulent and will be suspended . we apologize for this inconvenience , but the purpose of this verification is to ensure that your ebay account has not been fraudulently used and to combat fraud . we apreciate your support and understading , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your patience and attention in this important matter . regards , safeharbor departmentebay inc . do not respond to this e - mail , as your reply will not be received . copyright 2004 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . is located at hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 
2	Subject: fw : l / c amendment not sure why they are making this request . i will be on a conference call with them at 11 am . please call asap with an update on the status of the l / c . thanks , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " janna blanter " @ enron sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 10 : 03 am to : bradford , william s . subject : l / c amendment the extension of the letter of credit needs to be delivered to kathrine mclendon simpson thacher & bartlett 425 lexington avenue new york , ny 10017 i am also going to fax this request to chase . janna blanter director , credit operations duke energy 5400 westheimer court houston , texas 77056 ( 713 ) 627 - 6137 ( 713 ) 627 - 6187 fax 
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - tuesday , january 20 , 2004 tuesday , january 20 , 2004 miningnews . net virus alert : one or more of our customers is infected with the w 32 . beagle . a virus and is unknowingly sending emails purporting to be from miningnews . net with the subject " hi " and an attachment . exe . miningnews . net never sends attachments other than pdf or zip files , which are safe . more details are available from www . symantec . com . to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . dryblower : sustainable mining ? who are we trying to fool ? sustainability is a word loved by the image makers who currently have influence in the mining industry . dryblower has never felt comfortable with the concept of an ever - deepening hole in the ground being marketed as having a degree of permanence . he became more concerned when it became clear this week that the absence of genuine sustainability in the mining industry also applies to people . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story sog gold , tantalum output on budget the acquisition of a tantalum project in brazil , an option over a gold project in peru and an intention to review and drill some of its nickel - prospective ground holdings headlined an active corporate and business development quarter for sons of gwalia , with the mainstay gold and tantalum operations achieving budgeted production . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story wmcr fined over mt keith death wmc resources has pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to maintain a safe working environment at its mt keith nickel operation following the death of a worker in september 2002 . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story rio to expand canadian slag plant rio tinto has given the green light for the us $ 76 million expansion of its wholly owned qit fer et titane upgraded slag plant in quebec , canada . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story titan names new cfo titan resources has appointed len troncone as its new chief financial officer and company secretary as the western australian junior looks to move back into nickel production . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story macquarie buys into kanowna consolidated macquarie bank ' s latest foray into the resources sector has seen it take 4 . 16 million shares in born again gold explorer kanowna consolidated gold mines . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story meekatharra results shine for st barbara st barbara mines has received promising drill results from its mulla mulla and kanji - miniritchie prospects near its meekatharra gold operations in western australia . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story gindalbie reports steady quarter gindalbie gold ' s minjar operation in western australia delivered a steady quarter for the miner with 10 , 325 ounces produced at cash costs of $ 404 / oz . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story teck , union reach highland valley deal strike action has been averted at teck cominco ' s majority owned highland copper operation in british columbia after a tentative deal was reached with the united steelworkers of america union . . . ( 20 january 2004 ) full story fmg brings key personnel on board fortescue metals group ' s ambitious iron ore plans are rolling along with promet engineers contracted for the pilbara iron ore and infrastructure project , and three more senior internal appointments made by the andrew forrest - led company . . . ( 19 january 2004 ) full story cbh close to production target consolidated broken hill is closing in on its annual production target 1 . 4 million tonnes of ore at the endeavour mine at cobar in new south wales , with production last quarter coming in at an annualised 1 . 24 mt . . . ( 19 january 2004 ) full story broken hill repairs expected to take a fortnight perilya mines has said it will take around two weeks to repair the main haulage shaft at the southern operations of its broken hill mine , with limited production being trucked to surface at a rate of around 3000 t per day . . . ( 19 january 2004 ) full story south africa backs drc mining south africa and the democratic republic of congo signed a us $ 10 billion agreement wednesday covering a number of areas , including the mining sector , during a visit to the war - ravaged country by sa president thabo mbeki . . . ( 19 january 2004 ) full story abb names new rotating machines business headpower and automation technology group abb has appointed sean stove as australian national manager of its four rotating machine shops , based in melbourne . . . . full story gekko ilr on order for new barrick mineausenco has ordered a gekko inline leach reactor for barrick gold ' s new tulawaka project in tanzania , where the perth - based contractor has the epcm contract . . . . full story qr hails rail successqueensland rail has further underlined its rail design and construction prowess with completion of the recently commissioned rio tinto - owned hail creek coal mines rail infrastructure development . . . . full story outokumpu unitesfinnish - headquartered outokumpu will bring its business arms under a common brand name in an effort to align its corporate image and " build a stronger and more distinctive position in the market " . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today analyst tips capital raisings commodities director trades due diligence exploration general ipos market wrap mining events moves mst features on the move on the record people in profil project watch resourcestocks the big picture week in review commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ  
2	Subject: wanna see me get fisted ? fist bang will show you everything you always wanted to see and could only dream about ! disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests .  
2	Subject: re : transwestern expansion * * proprietary * * michelle : thanks for sending this to me so quickly . i do have a couple more questions for you . 1 . what is the discount rate you will be using to calculate the npv in your open season ? 2 . can an affiliate of a company also place a bid for up to the volume available to needles ? 3 . how does the right of first refusal work ? for example , when we spoke earlier i think you used an example of a $ 3 . 00 bid for 1 year getting equal value as a $ . 30 bid for 10 years ( adjusted for npv , of course ) and the winning party got a rofr . ( let ' s say the 1 year bid won ) . at the end of the year , is the rofr calculated on the $ 3 . 00 value the shipper holds the transport at or is it based on current market conditions . let ' s say the market value has collapsed and the market views this capacity as worth only $ . 28 / dth and the current shipper is willing to match that rate does that mean he can retain the capacity ? then for what term , whatever the market bids that piece for or will there be a set time the ( in years ) that the holder of the capacity will have to match regardless of what the bidder bids ? i hope this example makes sense . if not , please give me a call to discuss at ( 303 ) 252 - 6224 . thanks for your help . terri dickerson > > > " lokay , michelle " 04 / 17 / 01 12 : 09 pm > > > transwestern pipeline company red rock expansion from october 30 , 2000 to november 17 , 2000 , transwestern posted a notice of open season . as a result of the response to the open season , transwestern has filed for ferc authority to expand its mainline by 150 , 000 mmbtu by a proposed in service date of june 2002 . the project is known as the red rock expansion . transwestern is continuing to solicit bids from open season respondents as well as all other interested parties . interested parties should submit bids conforming to the criteria listed below . the deadline for bidding is friday , april 20 , 2001 at 5 : 00 p . m . cdt . if you have questions or need further information , please contact lorraine lindberg at ( 713 ) 853 - 5403 or your marketing representative . volume : 150 , 000 dth / day points of delivery / receipt : primary receipt points : east of thoreau primary delivery points : topock lateral capacity : 92 , 000 mmbtu - available point capacity : pge / topock , poi # 56698 ( 126 , 000 mmbtu ) mojave topock , poi # 56696 , ( 280 , 000 mmbtu ) calpine / southpoint , poi # 78113 ( 76 , 000 mmbtu ) other delivery points : southwest gas , poi # 78003 ( 86 , 000 mmbtu ) citizens / griffith , poi # 78069 ( 120 , 000 mmbtu ) subject to availability of additional delivery point capacity : socal needles , poi # 10487 ( 50 , 000 mmbtu ) awarding capacity 1 . written offers must include material terms ( rate , term , points , quantity ) . shipper should indicate whether it will accept partial volume in the event allocation is necessary . 2 . shippers ' binding bids must be accompanied by a valid request for gas transportation service form . 3 . shippers submitting bids containing terms or conditions unacceptable to transwestern shall not be accepted . 4 . if the total volume of all bids received by transwestern exceeds the capacity of the proposed expansion , transwestern will award the capacity based on the highest net present value bid ( calculated consistent with the net present value provisions of transwestern ' s tariff ) . 5 . in the event of a tie , the capacity shall be awarded on a pro rata basis . 6 . transwestern reserves the right to reject any bid less than the maximum tariff rate , or any bid that would cause the red rock expansion to be uneconomic . 
2	Subject: got a mortgage ? 6 . 25 30 yr fixed free instant quote djf dear homeowner , * 6 . 25 % 30 yr fixed rate mortgage interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less than perfect credit ! click here for a free quote ! lock in your low fixed rate today ano cost out of pocket ano obligation afree consultation aall credit grades accepted rates as low as 6 . 25 % won ' t stay this low forever click here * based on mortgage rate as of 5 - 15 - 02 as low as 6 . 25 % see lender for details h apply now and one of our lending partners will get back to you within 48 hours . click here ! to be removed please clicking here .  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for leann . walton @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000005168 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 18 / 00 2 : 06 : 37 pm requested for : leann . walton @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: toshiba manufacturer refurbished notebooks toshiba manufacturer refurbishednotebooks computron will remain closed on dec 2 nd on the occasion of uae national day deals of the week ( about refurbished - please see below ) toshiba satellite model part no . # processor ram hdd drive screen o / s nic wireless condition prices a 45 - sl 202 psa 40 u - 06 fv 36 celeron 2 . 6 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 refurb / 90 days $ 875 . 00 a 65 - sl 26 psa 60 u - 02 kol 5 celeron 2 . 8 g 256 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 895 . 00 a 45 - sl 51 psa 40 u - 0 clsnvb p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1080 . 00 a 75 - s 206 psa 70 u - 003002 b p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1105 . 00 a 65 - sl 065 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xpp 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1145 . 00 a 55 - s 306 psa 50 u - 03 to 2 e centrinol . 5 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1160 . 00 a 65 - sl 762 psa 60 u - 019017 p 4 3 . 2 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1210 . 00 a 55 - s 326 psa 50 u - 03 co 21 centrinol . 6 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 1 xga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1260 . 00 a 75 - s 226 p 4 3 . 06 g 512 60 dvd - rw super multi 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1275 . 00 pl 5 - s 420 pspl 0 u - 3 zj 97 v p 4 3 . 0 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1290 . 00 m 35 - s 320 psm 30 u - 7100 qvb centrinol . 5 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1295 . 00 p 25 - s 520 psp 20 u - 3 f 68 zv p 4 3 . 0 g 512 80 dvd rewriter 17 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1360 . 00 pl 5 - s 470 pspl 0 u - 0 ggpgr p 4 3 . 0 g 512 60 dvd rewriter 15 . 4 wxga xpmc 10 / 100 wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1460 . 00 m 35 - s 456 psm 33 u - 001001 centrinol . 7 g 512 80 dvd - rw super multi 15 . 4 wxga xph 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 g ) wifi refurb / 90 days $ 1560 . 00 for arabic / french / russian . . . . . keyboards add @ $ 66 . 00 * * 56 k fax modem standard with most models * * all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners refurbs save cash ! why hesitate getting the best value by getting the exact same equipment , with original manufacturers warranty at a much lower price . q : what is considered factory refurbished ? a : there are lots of things that can label items factory refurbished . some are so frivolous , its laughable . but because consumer laws prevent manufacturers from selling anything considered factory refurbished as " new " , the second consumer gets the best deal . here are a few examples : manufacturers / distributors are not allowed to export outside their territory / country . to avoid " disturbing " the dealer / reseller channel in different countries , manufacturers and distributors cannot export the product , as new and therefore label it as refurb . most major retail superstores offer a 30 - day money back guarantee on their products and there are those consumers that just simply take advantage of that . these items are returned to the manufacturer , inspected and repackaged like new . items where the box or casing was damaged in shipment , which are returned to the manufacturer . the item was returned to the manufacturer because of a slight defect . the part that was defective was replaced by the manufacturer , tested and then repackaged just like new . the item was returned because of a minor cosmetic blemish on the casing that was corrected . demonstration units are also considered factory refurbished . these units are inspected , tested and repackaged . the box was simply opened . thats it ! brand new overstocked items are also labeled factory refurbished . all factory refurbished products are inspected serviced by the manufacturer then tested and repackaged to meet original product specifications . all merchandise is warranted by the original manufacturer . your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , jebel ali duty free zone fax + 971 4 8834454 www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change without notice . usa - canada u . a . e . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: hpl - 1 june close please find the attached status / action items for the hpl transactions . we are currently on target for a 1 june close . 
2	Subject: cera conference call audio replay now available if you were not able to attend the call on monday . you can listen to it via replay if you want . just follow the instructions below . lorna - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 11 / 15 / 2000 05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " webmaster @ cera . com " < webmaster on 11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 36 : 44 pm to : cc : subject : cera conference call audio replay now available - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com sent : wednesday , november 15 , 2000 3 : 36 pm subject : cera conference call audio replay now available ferc ' s order for california market : bold decision of insufficient action ? conference call audio replay now available author : western energy and north american power teams e - mail category : conference call product line : western energy , north american power in a november 13 , 2000 audio - only conference call , larry makovich , cera senior director , north american electric power and mike zenker , cera director , western energy discuss : ferc ' s order for the california market : bold decision or insufficient action ? * a ferc vote for market solutions * where is the relief for retail customers ? * what ' s next for california and western wholesale markets ? * implications for the broader north american power market an audio recording of this call is available until january 13 , 2001 . to access this recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation number 640107 to access the call . western energy members : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / client / ce / media . cfm n . american electric power members : * * end * * account changes to edit your account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: eol data , july 13 , 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 13 / 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 13 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 1 , 445 , 400 89 epmi long term california 2 , 895 , 920 29 epmi long term northwest 999 , 425 57 epmi long term northwest 7 , 466 , 194 132 epmi long term southwest 2 , 193 , 750 153 epmi long term southwest 7 , 262 , 396 154 epmi short term california 470 , 424 636 epmi short term california 875 , 066 394 epmi short term northwest 245 , 000 416 epmi short term northwest 214 , 676 242 epmi short term southwest 469 , 400 489 epmi short term southwest 1 , 104 , 565 416 grand total 5 , 823 , 399 1 , 840 grand total 19 , 818 , 817 1 , 367 eol deals from : 7 / 13 / 2001 to : 7 / 13 / 2001 enpower from : 7 / 13 / 2001 to : 7 / 13 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term northwest 0 0 epmi long term northwest 1 , 250 8 epmi long term southwest 480 , 400 24 epmi long term southwest 701 , 985 23 epmi short term california 59 , 680 78 epmi short term california 132 , 612 76 epmi short term northwest 29 , 200 54 epmi short term northwest 63 , 416 32 epmi short term southwest 56 , 400 62 epmi short term southwest 156 , 976 62 grand total 625 , 680 218 grand total 1 , 056 , 239 201 ice volumes from : 7 / 13 / 2001 to : 7 / 13 / 2001 delivery point epmi mwh total mwh price mid c ( p , next day ) 400 0 $ 47 . 00 palo ( p , next day ) 2 , 800 800 $ 55 . 39 palo ( p , bal month ) 46 , 800 10 , 400 $ 71 . 53 palo ( op , bal month ) 3 , 800 3 , 800 $ 34 . 00 palo ( p , augol ) 54 , 000 0 $ 85 . 30 palo ( p , ql 03 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 38 . 00 palo ( p , sepol ) 19 , 200 0 $ 73 . 50 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 2 , 400 0 $ 32 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 400 0 $ 46 . 96 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 5 , 200 5 , 200 $ 63 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 7 , 600 3 , 800 $ 33 . 88 sp - 15 ( op , augol ) 7 , 800 7 , 800 $ 44 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 76 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , cal 04 ) 123 , 200 0 $ 43 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 33 . 00 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 400 0 $ 45 . 00 grand total 320 , 000 31 , 800 $ 822 . 56 
2	Subject: fw : cms opportunity fyi - lets talk about this today . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gregory . felton @ cgiusa . com @ enron sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 10 : 30 am to : jafry , rahil subject : cms opportunity jafry , here is the actual presentation requirements as per the rfp . we can deviate from the form , but must address their stated requirements . i think we should structure the enron portion as follows : i . enw overview ii . products and services iii . engagement approach let me know what you think . we need to pull this together today . i ' ve also attached the material steve sent me previously . thanks , greg office : ( 713 ) 868 - 5537 xl 148 mobile : ( 281 ) 787 - 9760 email : gregory . felton @ cgiusa . com - cms panhandle pipe line - rfpl . doc 
2	Subject: re : ecp / linden swaps yes , joe said he would make the call . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 10 : 38 am to : deffner , joseph ; duran , w . david ; colwell , wes subject : re : ecp / linden swaps dave are you unwinding it ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : deffner , joseph sent : thursday , october 11 , 2001 4 : 08 pm to : kitchen , louise ; duran , w . david ; colwell , wes subject : ecp / linden swaps here ' s my understanding of what has happened with the interest rate swaps : as i indicated earlier , the original $ 32 mm was put on for the linden 6 expansion which never occurred . the second swap of $ 350 mm was put on to protect the value of the cash flow from el paso assuming we would monetize the asset shortly . this hedge does appear to have been set with the el paso payment stream in mind . the original $ 32 mm of swaps did not provide a clean hedge to the remaining el paso cash flows as they were 10 year bullets while the el paso payment stream is a 7 year monthly amortizer . however , the $ 382 mm of hedges did approximate notionally the asset to be hedged . it appears that given the assumption the swaps were to have been monetized in a short period of time , a decision may have been made that unwinding and rewinding the " dirty " interest rate hedge was more expensive than wearing the basis risk for a brief time . given that the monetization never occurred , it does appear to me that the $ 32 mm hedge is ineffective and should be removed or replaced if we determine that we should hedge the rate risk associated with the note . anyone have anything additional to add ? that ' s the best i could turn up looking back after the fact given the many personnel departures . 
2	Subject: re : abstract thanks vince . this is good but i also need a title . it would be good if you can as part of the talk present an example of a technical problem addressed by your group describing the problem and the general methodology employed or developed . you can also start with an introduction about your organization and the program . shmuel shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; sent : monday , october 02 , 2000 6 : 44 am subject : abstract > shmuel , > > this is the abstract for my presentation on the 23 rd of october . > i am in london and paris this week . i can be reached at my > private e - mail address vkaminski @ aol . com . > > please , feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract . > > > > vince > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > > the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility > of > > the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created > a > > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one immediate > > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy prices . > > although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are > > characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in > financial > > economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not > fit > > well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources > of > > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can be > > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such > problems > > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to > abuse > > market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to transmission , > > temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high > > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a > > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded > customer > > choice . > > 
2	Subject: urgent business proposal , mrs . regina rossman . # 263 sandton city johannesburg , south africa . e - mail : joel _ rosel @ mail . com attn : alhaji with due respect , trust and humility , i write you this proposal , which i believe , would be of great interest to you . i am mrs . regina rossman , the wife of late mr . joseph rossman of blessed memory , before forces loyal to major johnny paul koromah killed my husband ; he was the director general of gold and mining corporation ( g . d . m . c . ) of sierra leone . my husband was one of the people targeted by the rebel forces . on the course of the revolution in the country , prominent people were hijacked from their homes to an unknown destination . two days before his death , he managed to sneak a written message to us , explaining his condition and concerning one trunk box of valuables containing money , which he concealed under the roof . he instructed me to take our son and move out of sierra leone , immediately to any neighboring country . the powerful peace keeping force of the “ ( ecomog ) ” intervened to arrest the situation of mass killings by the rebels , which was the order of the day . eventually , it resulted into full war , i became a widow overnight , helpless situation , without a partner at the moment of calamity , and every person was running for his life . my son and i managed to escape to south africa safely with the box and some documents of property title . the cash involved inside the box was us $ 30 million ( thirty million united states dollars ) . due to fear and limited rights as a refugee , i deposited the items with a private security company in order not to raise an eyebrow over the box here in south africa in my son ’ s name joel r . rossman . be informed that the real content of the box was not disclosed . meanwhile , i want to travel out of south africa entirely with this money for investment in your country because of political and economic stability and for future benefit of my child . i want you to assist us claim this box from the security company and get the money into your private account in your country so that we can invest the money wisely . we have in mind to establish a rewarding investment and good relationship with you . concerning the money , we are prepared to give you reasonable percentage of 30 % for your kind assistance . also , we have decided to set aside 5 % of the total sum for expenses that might be incurred by the parties in the course of the transfer both locally and externally . for the interest of this business , do not hesitate to contact my son mr . joel r . rossman on the above e - mail address immediately you receive this message for more information and to enable us proceed towards concluding all our arrangements . no other person knows about this money apart from my son and i . we await your most urgent response . please we need your fax / phone numbers for esiear communication . thanking you for your co - operation and god bless you . best regard , mrs . regina rossman . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: new oba ' s the attached oba ' s have been submitted to the customers for their signature . the only two remaining are mojave ( effective date 12 / 02 / 01 ) and williams field services ( effective date 11 / 3 / 01 ) . i will send them out tomorrow ( 10 / 23 ) . dennis p . lee ets gas logistics ( 713 ) 853 - 1715 dennis . lee @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : price processes for ng grant & vince , i am sending you the results of fitting different price process models into ng prompt month prices . the fit is quite good for some models . we might think of using these mean - reverting jump - diffusion models in our credit model . i should examine other contracts behavior ( beyond prompt month ) as well . tanya . 
2	Subject: re : saturday jana , saturday looks good . i shall be involved in job interviews at enron all saturday and should be done by 5 p . m . we can go the angelica movie center . i shall check the program tonight and call you tomorrow to review the options . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 06 / 01 / 2000 10 : 56 : 38 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : saturday vince , how are you ? are we still on for saturday ? let me know what movie looks good . we saw " mi 2 " and really liked it . we also saw " small time crooks " and it was slow . jana 
2	Subject: legal herb , anytime * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * now open seven days a week ! call 1 - 623 - 974 - 2295 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > from the ethnobotanical herbalists who brought the herba supplementals ; kathmandu temple kiff “ 1 ” temple “ 3 ” is “ personal choice ” legal smoking / indulgence … . redefined ! ! ! thanks to recent , dramatic , technological advances in the laboratorial processes for the extraction of alkaloid and glycocide supplements from botanicals / herbas / plant matter , we are now able to offer … . in more cultivated / enhanced / viripotent / substantiated format … . what had actually already been the most significant , lawful , “ personal choice ” smoking substance available on the planet … . “ seventh heaven ” temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is the sweet , sweet evolution of all of that … . * a 20 x more viripotent herba supplement than its predessors ( temple “ 1 ” & “ 2 ” ) . * happier , happy smoking ! ! ! * indeed , a depressive regressive , supplemental mood - enhancer . * more sophisticated , uplifting & poised than illegal smoking substances . * no regulation , no illegality , no failed drug tests ! ! ! * inhibits stress and anxiety … . * inspires contemplativeness & creativity … . * enhances the sexual experience ! ! ! * generates more restful sleep & lucid dreaming … . * a significant herba / botanical supplement in the battles against drug and alcohol dependence ! ! ! ! * easily ignited nepalesian formulated , ultra - “ sensitive / responsive ” , pipe - smoking / stoking substance and is undoubtedly the most prestigious , legal offering of its sort on the planet ! ! ! so smokin / stokin potent is this cutting edge formulation , that we have even been able to establish a very happy clientele market base within the hard - core stoner arena and have made positive , happy , smoking differences in many , many lives . absolutely legal ! marvelously potent ! ! a one - of - a - kind , proprietary amalgamation , comprised of extreme high - ratio concentrated extracts which are derived from various common and uncommon “ sensitive / responsive ” herbas primarily cultivated within and imported from the southern and eastern hemispheres ; temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) high - ratio factored botanical extractions are master - crafted into solid jiggets / bars which are structurally reminiscent of what one might find in the “ happiness ” coffee and tea houses of nepal / kathmandu / amsterdam and in many aspects , possesses a more collected and more focused , less scattered ambiance . ingredients : temple smoking substances and temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) have always been and will always remain exclusive exotic botanical resources “ house smoking substance specialties ” . temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is both a euphonious / celebratory and relaxing / calming pipe - smoking substance that offers both physical and cerebral significators . temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is a proprietary , prescribed botanical amalgamation which includes the following synergistically / synesthesia conglomerated , core - refined , ratio - enhanced herbas / botanicals , resins , essences , flower - tops and oils in extreme ratio extractment ranging from 8 . 5 to 1 , to 100 to 1 viripotent concentrations drachasha , chavana prash , trikatu , black seed herb , hybrid flowering turnera diffusa , capillaris herba , angelica root , wild dagga mature leaf matter , haritaki , shatavari , labdunum , neroli , unicorn root , papaver rhoes , dendrobian stems , calea zacalechichi buddings , rue , amla , salvia divinorum , crocus sativa , lotus and gokshu ! ra cuttings . please note : temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is an absolutely legal , herba / botanical , “ personal choice ” , pipe - smoking substantiality product ! ! ! no included botanical factor therein is regulated by law or considered to be harmful by regulatory agencies . there is no tobacco in temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) . there is certainly no cannabis / marijuana in temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) … . and although we are not age - governed by law … . temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is intended exclusively for sophisticated adult usage ! subsequently , it is our mandatory ethical policy that temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) may not be sold , offered , or given to any person that has not attained at least twenty - one years of age . all things in their time … . as well , temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is not intended for use during work or while driving . it should not be enjoyed during pregnancy nor is it intended to supercede physician ’ s care in any regard . here is what our customers are saying about the temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) phenomenon : “ to whom it may concern , i was skeptical when i first read your ad . i grew up in the 70 ’ s temple 3 , but cheaper , and it is legal ! i also have a lot of trouble sleeping , but the capillaris herba made into tea works and smells great ! your products that i tried so far , are as good or better than your ads say ! that is hard to find nowadays in a company . who ever put this stuff together is a botanical genius . i will be a customer for life ! also , i talked with a lady on the phone when i was ordering , and asked her to find out if i could get my products and samples to hand out for free . and just send the customers to you . or get a discount on products that i could sell retail to people . i would prefer the earlier one becau ! se , i can just talk about your products , i am a great salesman ( about 10 years experience ) , i could hand out flyers , give out little 1 gram pieces as samplers with your business card enclosed , etc . . i am going to be unable to work a regular job for a while , maybe indefinitely ? this deal would give me my own products and samples for free ? you would get free advertising , word of mouth , samples into peoples hands to try , someone that is very good with computers , someone who studied about mail order , internet , cold calling , small business , good with people , etc . . i would like to be doing something , even if i would get on social security disability . it is very disheartening not being able to work to support my 2 teenage boys , or do a lot of the things i used to do ! at least i would be able to do something worthwhile . and great products makes it real easy to sell . let me know what you think ? sincerely , rj ” location : midwest , u . s . a . “ thank you so much for the ragga . it is everything you guys claim , and then some ! i was a bit skeptical when i read your description of its effects , but there is literally no exaggeration in your advertisements . how nice that this is non - prohibited ! it tastes great and feels great too ! i am so glad i took a chance and ordered . blessings to all of you . ” - - frankie r . location : west coast , usa “ i ’ m a man of my 40 ’ s and i really know my stuff . i don ’ t drink or do illegal drugs anymore and have found a much more spiritual path . i used to have to take valium in the past . not anymore with the temple “ 3 ” . it really amazes me how this stuff tastes like the lebanese and blonde stuff i used to smoke in the 70 ’ s . i am very satisfied with all of your products . i like them a lot and will be a customer for life for sure . whoever makes this stuff is an artist at it . who would have thought ? ! ” - - a . j . location : united kingdom finally , we realize of course that this temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is not inexpensive … . ( temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is a very , very sweet smoke and “ sweetness ” is never acquired inexpensively . such is the way of the economic tao . . . . ) , nor , as a matter of fact , is it inexpensive for us to acquire , factor or master - craft … . quite simply , it is the very best of its kind that there is to be acquired . just a snippet / pinch of this temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) … . four or five draws of your pipe … . as is the magical way … . lingers for a good , goodly while ! ! ! ( an herb pipe and usage instructions are included with each temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) package . ) “ seventh heaven ” temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) is offered exclusively in 56 gram ( 2 oz . ) and 22 gram ( . 75 oz . ) jiggets / bars for $ 115 . 00 and $ 65 . 00 respectively . sorry , no volume discounts . wholesale pricing is available to qualified , select merchants only . our other fine herbal , botanical products include the following : 1 . sweet vjestika aphrodisia drops ( tm ) ; an erotic aphrodisia ; sexual intensifier / enhancer liquid amalgamated extract for men and women . 2 . " seventh heaven " prosaka tablets ( tm ) ; a botanical alternative to pharmaceutical medications for calm , balance , serenity and joyful living . . . 3 . " seventh heaven " gentle ferocity tablets ( tm ) ; a most efficacious , non - caffeine , non - ephedrine , non - mahuang botanical energizer and cutting - edge appetite suppressant . . . 4 . extreme martial arts botanical remedies ; equivalence tablets & dragon wing remedy spray . . . pain management that works to alleviate pain even for arthritis and fibromyalgia sufferers . . . sweet vjestika aphrodisia drops ( tm ) inspires and enhances : * extreme body sensitivity * sensitivity to touch * desire to touch and be touched * fantasy , lust , rapture , erogenous sensitivity . . . * prolongs and intensifies foreplay , orgasm viripotent , herbaceous prescription for the dynamic energization of body , mind and spirit . this gentle ferocity formulation is amalgamated in accordance with the fundamental taoist herbal principle of botanical interactiveness and precursorship which in essence is a molecular equation of the relevant botanical / herbal alkaloids and glycosides interacting with one another to prolificate molecular communion and thereby to achieve demonstrative herbal efficaciousness without negative implication to any aspect of human composition . these gentle ferocity cordial tablets are incredulously and thoroughly effective . enjoy ! for those of you who seek to achieve most demonstrative / non - invasive / non - prohibitive appetite suppression without the negative implications of ongoing usage of mahuang herb , ephedra / ephedrine or caffeine as are so magnaminously utilized in a multitude of herbal " diet aids " entitled as " thermogenics " . . . this is absolutely the herbal agenda / product for you ! ! entirely natural ! increases energy ! increases metabolism ! decreases appetite ! extreme martial arts botanical remedies eastern culture has long had a treatment for bone , muscle , tendon , ligament , sinew and joint distress , traumas , afflictions and constrictions . we are pleased to offer equivalence tablets & dragon wing remedy spray ( hei ping shun ) ( hei long chibang ) please note : while it is true that all physiological traumas and injuries are unique and that no product can arbitrarily eliminate all of the pain and discomfort in all people all of the time , the combination of equivalence tablets ( hei ping shun ) and dragon wing remedy ( hei long chibang ) remedial botanicals does guarantee to at the least : 1 . significantly reduce discomfort and pain ! ( in many instances most , if not all , traumas and distress can be eliminated ! ) 2 . significantly increase mobility and strength ratio . ( please remember also the significance of proper diet , excercise , rest and prayer . ) equivalence tablets & dragon wing spray remedials are comprised of entirely natural botanical factors . while equivalence tablets ( hei ping shun ) and dragon wing remedy spray ( hei long chibang ) are extremely effective individually , they are utilized to maximum advantage when used in conjunction with one another . ! ! ! ! please refer to introductory offers further on in this text featuring temple “ 3 ” ragga dagga ( tm ) along with our other “ very fine ” “ sensitive / responsive ” cordial botanical products … . please enjoy ! ! ! many blessings to you all … . pricing information : 1 . seventh heaven seventh heaven temple 3 ( tm ) one . 75 oz . jigget / bar $ 65 . 00 one 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar $ 115 . 00 ( free capillaris herba with 2 . 0 oz . bar . refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text ) 2 . sweet vjestika aphrodisia drops ( tm ) one 1 . 0 oz . bottle $ 90 . 00 two 1 . 0 oz . bottles $ 140 . 00 3 . seventh heaven prosaka ( tm ) one 100 tablet tin $ 40 . 00 three 100 tablet tins $ 105 . 00 six 100 tablet tins $ 185 . 00 4 . seventh heaven gentle ferocity ( tm ) one 300 tablet jar $ 130 . 00 5 . equivalence tablets - each bottle contains 90 - 500 mg tablets . * * 3 - pack ( 270 tablets ) $ 83 . 00 * * 6 - pack ( 540 tablets ) $ 126 . 00 ( save $ 40 . 00 ) * * 9 - pack ( 810 tablets ) $ 159 . 00 ( save $ 90 . 00 ) * * 12 - pack ( 1 , 080 tablets ) $ 192 . 00 ( save $ 140 . 00 ) 6 . dragon wing spray remedy - each spray bottle contains 4 liquid oz . * * 3 - pack ( 3 - 4 oz . bottles ) $ 83 . 00 * * 6 - pack ( 6 - 4 oz . bottles ) $ 126 . 00 ( save $ 40 . 00 ) * * 9 - pack ( 9 - 4 oz . bottles ) $ 159 . 00 ( save $ 90 . 00 ) * * 12 - pack ( 12 - 4 oz . bottles ) $ 192 . 00 ( save $ 140 . 00 ) 7 . dynamic duo introductory offers * * 3 - pack equivalence tabs & 3 - pack dragon wing $ 126 . 00 ( save $ 40 . 00 ) * * 6 - pack equivalence tabs & 3 - pack dragon wing $ 159 . 00 ( save $ 50 . 00 ) * * 9 - pack equivalence tabs & 6 - pack dragon wing $ 215 . 00 ( save $ 70 . 00 ) * * 12 - pack equivalence tabs & 9 - pack dragon wing $ 271 . 00 ( save $ 80 . 00 ) 8 . sweet aphrodisia intro combination offer includes one , 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 & one , 1 oz . bottle of sweet vjestika aphrodisia drops . for $ 150 . 00 ( reg . $ 205 . 00 save $ 55 ) ( free capillaris herba with this intro offer . refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text ) 9 . body , mind , spirit " heavenly " intro combination offer includes one , 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 & 1 tin ( 100 tablets ) of seventh heaven prosaka . for $ 125 . 00 ( reg . $ 155 . 00 save $ 30 ) ( free capillaris herba with this intro offer . refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text ) 10 . " pure energy " intro combination offer includes one , 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 & 1 jar ( 300 tablets ) of seventh heaven gentle ferocity . for $ 170 . 00 ( reg . $ 245 . 00 save $ 75 ) ( free capillaris herba with this intro offer refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text ) 11 . " sensitive " preferential intro combination offer includes one , 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 & 1 tin ( 100 tablets ) of seventh heaven prosaka & 1 jar ( 300 tablets ) of seventh heaven gentle ferocity for $ 200 . 00 ( reg . $ 285 . 00 save $ 85 ) ( free capillaris herba with this intro offer refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text . ) 12 . ultimate herbaceousness intro combination offer includes one - 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 , one - 1 oz . bottle of sweet vjestika aphrodisia drops , one - 100 tablet tin of prosaka , and one - 300 count jar of gentle ferocity for a deep discounted retail price of $ 260 . 00 ( reg . $ 375 . 00 save $ 115 ) ( free capillaris herba with this intro offer refer to capillaris paragraph at end of text . ) special offer : for a limited time only , you will receive a free personal brass hookah with the ultimate herbaceous intro offer as our gift to you . this hookah has a retail value of $ 25 . 00 . ordering information : for your convenience , you can call us direct with your orders or questions . don ' t forget to ask for the 2 for 1 weekend special ! ! special good july 6 & 7 , 2002 only call 1 - 623 - 974 - 2295 7 days a week - - 10 : 30 am to 7 : 00 pm ( mountain time ) for all domestic orders , add $ 6 . 00 shipping & handling ( shipped u . s . priority mail ) . add $ 20 . 00 for international orders . special discount & gift call now and receive a free botanical gift ! with every order for a 2 . 0 oz . jigget / bar of seventh heaven temple 3 or one of our four ( 4 ) intro combination offers , we will include as our free gift to you . . . a 2 . 0 oz . package of our ever so sedate , sensitive asian import , loose - leaf capillaris herba for " happy " smoking or brewing . . . ( a $ 65 . 00 retail value ) . to remove your address from our list , click " reply " in your email software and type " remove " in the subject field , then send . 
2	Subject: mariner sally and ted , brenda , vlady and i met today to discuss project door step for mariner . since mariner is an e & p company rather than a trading company ( or so we think ) , i believe our approach may be somewhat different from the other trading reviews . the review will likely focus on the company ' s risk management policies and procedures which we think relates mostly to hedging oil and gas production . based on a review of the last mariner 10 - q ( sept 99 ) , it appears the company does a significant amount of hedging with financial instruments extending out to 2002 . the company also has significant ( $ 14 mm ) of deferred losses related to hedging activities . as discussed with ted , we have preliminary planned to visit mariner on tues . march 21 . as a starting point , vlady is pulling raroc information related to mariner and brenda is getting all enron positions with mariner . please call if you have any questions . thanks , jim 
2	Subject: hard like rock iehmla ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / unpardoned . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / unpardoned . net / rm . php ? ronn tkb  
2	Subject: ena emloyees - kim theriot louise , see attached as requested . 
2	Subject: upgrade your os to xp pro for $ 50 we have the best deal . see below . hookup # 1 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 hookup # 2 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 hookup # 3 : adobe photoshop cs + adobe illustrator cs + adobe indesign cs hookup # 4 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows xp professional with sp 2 full version office xp professionaloffice 2003 professional ( 1 cd edition ) office 2000 premium edition ( 2 cd ) office 97 sr 2 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage hit this blue text now to enter ! no more do you know what i mean when i say this ? let ' s be friends your right . h 6 osy lzmb 6 tzq 210 av 25 tlb 6277 g 9524 87 n 3 o oru 
2	Subject: perhaps you can use this ? tuck we carry wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever that you will be proud to own ! we are the actual site who knows what we are doing , quoting a fair retail price and offering personal contact if preferred . bookmark us at http : / / jpfmq . timedieteticsmoon . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein now i gotta stop myself from going crazy i just gotta figure out how to let go but hey : feetch fbac freaney gzol drop - catch eaae come on yeahwe four girls are here to stay  
2	Subject: we will guide you thru all of the answers to your questions about laser vision correction . there ' s a good chance you could throw your glasses and contacts away . information for you now . flhdzgxo 
2	Subject: impress your wife hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / zigzagging . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / zigzagging . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: i can see your on dialup how are you , if your a dial - up user , you know how slow it can be to surf the web or download anything . turbonet pro is your solution ! turbonet pro has the " g 3 " ( 3 rd generation ) technology speeding up dialup , with a less than 1 minute install time , and generally speeds up dial - up speeds by 5 times ! who says you need cable / dsl to get high speeds ? get a sample here : click 4 express . com ttyl , faris d . marianne , jr projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org goodbye ! c l i c k 4 e x p r e s s . c o m / r lots of times you have to pretend to join a parade in which you ' re not really interested in order to get where you ' re going . - christopher darlington morley ( 1890 - 1957 ) . joe ' s girlfriend generally misses laughing . . she has disliked cooking for a day or two . . minds are like parachutes . they only function when they are open . - sir james dewar , scientist ( 1877 - 1925 ) . the secret of life is honesty and fair dealing . if you can fake that , you ' ve got it made . - groucho marx ( 1890 - 1977 ) . cheese burger and cheese fries . . . . mmmmm . 
2	Subject: teen masturbat ! ng hi ! exclusive virgin collection . looking for realy cool hardcore teen po . rno ? stop searching ! you don ' t need more to fight with pop - ups , viruses , and fake free porno ! say welcome to the brand new site of 2005 year ! starts from june of 2005 , we have gigabytes of new exclusive photos and videos , that nobody have seen before ! hurry up , and you begin a first man for these virgin girls : come in and see yourself : http : / / vvideos . net / rn / best regards , cleo 
2	Subject: title dear mr . kaminski , ? i hope i got your title right . i looked everywhere for it and i could not find it . in one of the numerous discussions i had with professor shreve about you i remember having heard " head of research " . . . probably energy , but that i could not recall . is this ok ? also i would like to have the title of the conference , it is useful ! ? finnally , there is a request for your e - mail by a phd student , do you allow me to provide this info ? ? ? sincerely , ? pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: it ' s my turn , i ' ve asked for nothing i need caroline abramo as well as her bonus we need 100 k and 100 k contract . a promotion to vp . and she wants to report calger and milnthorp . hunter and i think it is very important . 
2	Subject: re : meter 9707 daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 32 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 9707 please disreagard this e - mail . the estimates are bad . aimee enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 11 / 07 / 2000 10 : 12 am to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 9707 vance , please review the note below and advise . thanks . bob aimee lannou 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 52 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 9707 daren - meter 9707 , deal # 125786 ( gathering ) expired 10 / 1 / 00 . you extended this deal for one day last month . there is flow on 11 / 5 / 00 of 1851 . can you set up a deal or extend this one ? please let me know . thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: ios procedures please find attached the internal procedure list for transwestern ' s ios which will be held thursday , august 10 th . the bid package shall be for 14 , 000 dth / d of east of thoreau to pg & e / topock capacity for a term april 1 , 2001 - october 31 , 2001 . alternate capacity rights will include alternate receipts in transwestern ' s east of thoreau area , excluding rio puerco , as well as alternate delivery rights at socal / needles , mojave / topock , citizens , and the griffith delivery point ( subject to point activation ) . please note that some of the ios responsibilities i have traditionally been responsible for have been re - assigned due to the fact i will be in denver for the august 8 - 11 period for customer meetings ( western gas resources , aquila ) and the coga conference . the posting notification will be forwarded as soon as legal signs off . 
2	Subject: task force memo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 08 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chris abel @ ect 10 / 25 / 2000 05 : 39 pm to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : task force memo 
2	Subject: scribners kinney , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 8006 hosting . com / cd / creditor , and she left .  
2	Subject: auto protection protect yourself . purchase an extended warranty for your car before your existing warranty expires and save hundreds . even if your warranty has expired , you will save 40 - 60 percent over the warranties offered by dealerships and it ' s the same warranty . all quotes are 100 percent free . all quotes are obligation free . dear friend , car troubles always seem to happen at the worst possible time . protect yourself and your family with a quality extended warranty for your car , truck , or suv , so that a large expense cannot hit you all at once . we cover most vehicles with less than 150 , 000 miles . do not buy from a dealer . their prices are often 40 - 60 percent more ! we offer fair prices and prompt , toll - free claims service . get an extended warranty on your car today . you will be surprised by how inexpensive this protection can be ! warranty plans also include , for free : 1 . 24 - hour roadside assistance 2 . rental benefit 3 . trip interruption intervention 4 . extended towing benefit take advantage of our special offer , before it expires , by going to : click _ here sincerely , s . c . valentine ewfc , inc . the new netscape 7 . 0 browser is now available . upgrade now ! http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / browsers / download . jsp get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com / 
2	Subject: great news . youve been pre - approved for a new . . we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 708 - 107 ] * negotiable amount : $ 192 , 483 to $ 678 , 843 * rate : 3 . 30 % - 5 . 66 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , stephen britton senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php  
2	Subject: re : new page hi sweetie , come see the most beautiful , sweet . . . - - > 18 year old girls bare it all ! < - - http : / / freexmovies . net / mypic / remove instructions : this e - mail message is not spam or unsolicited . this e - mail address has joined or requested information in the past . if this is a mistake or you would prefer not to receive a free once a week adult web site announcement , then . . . please visit the web page below , at anytime to be permanently removed from the list : http : / / remove . pwxx 3 . com http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: [ no subject ] thanks vince - i didn ' t know - i was worried for a while ; thanks for reducing me stress ! i ' ll let alec and vuthy know @ this . thank you very much - we ' ll get him ( howard ) in ! jeff i live in dana point , ca . ( known for it ' s harbor ) here are a few pictures for you on your coffee break : http : / / www . danapointharbor . com / tour / ptwend . htm bye jeff , we have video facilities both in houston and london . we shall invite howard to visit our office in london again . vince * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: re : cornhusker contact information i still need the contact name , phone number and address for the ena contact and a name for the the letter for them to contact with questions . these were questions 3 and 4 on the original list from sandi . thanks . bob . daren j farmer 09 / 29 / 2000 09 : 36 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , brian vass / hou / ect @ ect , john griffith / corp / enron @ enron , charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , dan lyons / hou / ect @ ect , john king / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker contact information please see below . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 09 / 29 / 2000 08 : 56 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker contact information lone star pipeline lisa mcauliff ( contracts ) wilma easter ( scheduling ) phone : 214 - 875 - 5224 phone : 214 - 875 - 3296 fax : 214 - 875 - 5134 fax : 214 - 875 - 3810 301 s . harwood # 801 n dallas , tx 75201 williams energy jeff goforth phone : 918 - 573 - 8125 fax : 918 - 573 - 1530 po box 2848 tulsa , ok 74101 cinergy marketing & trading ( agent for apache ) lisa hughes phone : 281 - 583 - 6279 fax : 281 - 583 - 4353 616 fm 1960 w # 800 houston , tx 77090 ( note : cinergy will be moving downtown next month ) white pine energy , llc michael mazowita - director of asset mgmt phone : 248 - 442 - 4823 fax : 248 - 477 - 5729 cell : 248 - 345 - 4002 19436 auburndale street livonia , mi 48152 
2	Subject: re : please find home for brainful candidate shirley , please , arrange a phone interview . zimin , stinson , and myself . he may be a good candidate for tanya . vince stinson gibner 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 16 am to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : please find home for brainful candidate any interest ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stephanie miller @ enron 07 / 20 / 2000 10 : 49 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe williamson / gco / enron @ enron cc : subject : please find home for brainful candidate attached for your review is a resume a friend of mine came across . thought you might want to review . regards , stephanie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 07 / 20 / 2000 11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - debbie chance 07 / 20 / 2000 09 : 42 am to : stephanie miller / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : please find home for brainful candidate stephanie , came by way of friend of a friend - looks very good on paper . he has identified an interest in the following jobs that were posted in the net . you know everyone here - could you identifiy the appropriate people to call attention to this candidate ? resume attached below . thanks , dc 1 . economic advisor contact : respond to enron corp , human resources 235 , p . o . box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail : dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this requisition number : 104776 | | | | job id | 0000104776 | | | | | | | | department | systems optimization team | | | | | | | | company | gas pipeline group | | | gas pipeline group | | | | 2 . manager contact : please do not contact the hiring manager . no faxes please . send resumes via e - mail to tony . vasut @ enron . com or mail to enron , attn : tvasut - eb 3628 , 1400 smith st . , houston , tx 77002 . please refer to job # 104486 ( embedded image moved to file : pico 4224 . pcx ) | | | | job id | 0000104486 | | | | | | | | department | trade credit | | | | | | | | company | corporate staff | | | risk assessment and control | | | | 3 . manager contact : to submit resume for consideration , please e - mail it to bholcomb @ enron . com if possible . plain text in the message or an attached word . doc are acceptable . please use no columns , italics or underlines . if unable to email , bholcomb @ enron . com , fax it to ( 713 ) 646 - 2169 , attn : ebl 013 a or mail it to b . holcomb , ebl 013 a , p . o . box 1188 , houston , tx . 77251 - 1188 | | | | job id | 0000104778 | | | | | | | | department | asset operations & svcs | | | | | | | | company | wholesale , retail & comm | | | enron energy services | | | | 4 . gas trading support generalist contact : please email resume to mark . broadfoot @ enron . com or if email is unavailable , respond to mark broadfoot eb 3617 a . reference job id # 0000104730 in email subject . resumes not accepted from agents . global technology hot job ( embedded image moved to file : picl 9645 . pcx ) | | | | job id | 0000104730 | | | | | | | | department | infrastructure & integrat | | | | | | | | company | global functions | | | technology | | | | 5 . risk management analyst contact : to be considered for this position , please e - mail your resume as a . doc or . txt attachment with your salary history to enajobs 4 @ enron . com . ( please eliminates italics , underlining , multiple margins or side - by - side columns . ) please indicate on the email subject line your name and the job id # . resumes with salary history will receive priority review . | | | | job id | 0000104631 | | | | | | | | department | global facilities | | | | | | | | company | wholesale , retail & comm | | | north america | | | |  
2	Subject: male performance system this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order and get free bottles at no extra charge . forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd i was skeptical , but when i purchased my first bottle of your black label formula and tried them , within days i was seeing results . the bonus dvd i got was really helpful , and now i am a new man ! thank you longz ! - christopher , uk address on site along with no more feature here he held the slender , dull - colored metallic band toward the boy keep it , said rob the demon started , and gave him an odd look  
2	Subject: [ ilug ] stop the mlm insanity greetings ! you are receiving this letter because you have expressed an interest in receiving information about online business opportunities . if this is erroneous then please accept my most sincere apology . this is a one - time mailing , so no removal is necessary . if you ' ve been burned , betrayed , and back - stabbed by multi - level marketing , mlm , then please read this letter . it could be the most important one that has ever landed in your inbox . multi - level marketing is a huge mistake for most people mlm has failed to deliver on its promises for the past 50 years . the pursuit of the " mlm dream " has cost hundreds of thousands of people their friends , their fortunes and their sacred honor . the fact is that mlm is fatally flawed , meaning that it cannot work for most people . the companies and the few who earn the big money in mlm are not going to tell you the real story . finally , there is someone who has the courage to cut through the hype and lies and tell the truth about mlm . here ' s good news there is an alternative to mlm that works , and works big ! if you haven ' t yet abandoned your dreams , then you need to see this . earning the kind of income you ' ve dreamed about is easier than you think ! with your permission , i ' d like to send you a brief letter that will tell you why mlm doesn ' t work for most people and will then introduce you to something so new and refreshing that you ' ll wonder why you haven ' t heard of this before . i promise that there will be no unwanted follow up , no sales pitch , no one will call you , and your email address will only be used to send you the information . period . to receive this free , life - changing information , simply click reply , type " send info " in the subject box and hit send . i ' ll get the information to you within 24 hours . just look for the words mlm wall of shame in your inbox . cordially , siddhi p . s . someone recently sent the letter to me and it has been the most eye - opening , financially beneficial information i have ever received . i honestly believe that you will feel the same way once you ' ve read it . and it ' s free ! this email is never sent unsolicited . this is not " spam " . you are receiving this email because you explicitly signed yourself up to our list with our online signup form or through use of our ffa links page and e - maildom systems , which have explicit terms of use which state that through its use you agree to receive our emailings . you may also be a member of a altra computer systems list or one of many numerous free marketing services and as such you agreed when you signed up for such list that you would also be receiving this emailing . due to the above , this email message cannot be considered unsolicitated , or spam . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . . deus ex machina [ a god from the machine ] to freely bloom - that is my definition of success . 
2	Subject: viicodin , via - gra are che . ap here jkoutsi the lowest price of all med ' s is here . viicodin - $ 199 . 95 codeine - $ 189 . 95 vla ' gra - $ 199 . 95 vaiium - $ 259 . 95 ciaiis - $ 189 . 95 xa ' nax - $ 233 . 95 and many moreeee . . . . . we are the bes ' t available nowadays this is 1 tiime maillling . no - removalll are requiired  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . cialls has a iot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: events just to follow - up on our conversation concerning the ea events , i am attaching the memo that dave delainey distributed in 2000 . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th carol : for your information and susan ' s , christie patrick will not be available on the 4 th of may . she will be out of the city . maybe susan can contact her directly at another time . i still have 1 : 30 as the time for vince and susan to meet . thanks ! shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 14 am to : susan . hansen @ stanford . edu cc : subject : visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th good morning susan : vince forwarded the below message to me and after looking over his calendar , he appears to be free most of the afternoon on the 4 th of may . please let me know what would be a good time for you and i will block it out before someone else gets it . thanks ! shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 06 / 2001 05 : 36 pm to : " susan c . hansen " @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : visit from stanford ? susan , thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the 4 th . i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to set up the meeting . also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate enron ' s relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is christie patrick . please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall coordinate the meeting on may the 4 th with her . vince additional information re christie : phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : visit from stanford ? dear dr . kaminski , let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip planning . the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best points of contact . i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , sincerely , susan hansen susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: women change your life  
2	Subject: new nomination - tejas - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 13 / 2000 01 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jan svajian " on 06 / 13 / 2000 11 : 07 : 59 am to : cc : subject : new nomination see attached . - enron nom change . xls 
2	Subject: caiso notification - scheduled work on si has been rescheduled to 8 / 29 / 01 - si server unavailable 8 / 29 / 01 * * the scheduled work on si server on 8 / 28 / 01 has been re - scheduled to 8 / 29 / 01 * * * * urgent notification : si server will be unavailable , wednesday , august 29 , 2001 ( 14 : 20 to 14 : 55 pdt ) to perform a fallback to our backup si server in alhambra . please submit all hour ahead schedules for august 29 th he , 1800 and 1900 and supplemental energy schedules for , 1700 and 1800 prior to 1400 . once the fallback is complete and the si system is available , please clear your memory and disk caches ( edit , preferences , advanced , cache ) & close all netscape windows ( including messages ) . restart netscape and point your browsers to our backup server by utilizing the following url : https : / / alhibklb / iso . please contact benik dergevorgian ( 916 ) 351 - 2277 bdgevorgian @ caiso . com or michael glatz ( 916 ) 608 - 5727 client relations communication crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: meter 1428 - brandywine / dupont and beamont methanol my contact at beaumont methanol asked me to tell everybody in our shop the following : to clarify whom to contact about the nomination and scheduling for beaumont methanol at meter # 1428 . first some background : we feed beaumont methanol through a meter station that we own and control , but which also feeds brandywine / dupont . in fact , the gas goes through a dupont pipeline header downstream of our meter station before it gets to beamont methanol . sometimes we are doing business with both beaumont methanol and brandywine / dupont . . . . . but sometime we only do business with one of them . whom to call for any nominations and scheduling issues for beaumont methanol : bob dorcheus - brandywine / dupont - 281 - 293 - 1789 chyral hankins - beaumont methanol ( terra ) - 712 - 233 - 6558 please do not call the beaumont methanol control room at the plant with regard to scheduling and nomination issues . they are out of the loop on these issues . if we call the beaumont methanol control room at the plant with regard to scheduling and nominations issues , it will cause confusion of the type we had yesterday and today . obviously , it is of course ok for hpl gas control to call the beaumont methanol plant control room on any emergency operational issues . thanks . . . and have a great weekend . lee 
2	Subject: fw : rock bottom hey guys - i know this is late notice , but if any of you are free tonight , stop by the rock bottom and share a birthday drink with me ! we ' ll be walking over between 5 : 15 and 5 : 30 if anyone wants to walk with . hope to see you there . virginia 
2	Subject: jeff ' s corner - - a message from the ceo on the intranet as much as i ' d like to , i can ' t get to every floor or to every location across enron to talk with you about what is going on around the company . so i ' m doing the next best thing . beginning today , you can access a videotaped message from me about our second quarter results and our new strategy concerning enron broadband services . as you listen , i hope you find the information valuable and this new way of communicating easy and timely . i plan to do this regularly , so watch your e - mail for future messages . thanks for listening and have a great day . click on this link to access jeff ' s video message : http : / / home . enron . com / jeffscorner / if you encounter technical difficulties , please contact your it technical support representative . 
2	Subject: please aids to tsunami please assist ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! greetings my dear friend , i hope this email reaches you in good health . i am writing you this email not because i know you before but i got your contact address on the world wide web when i was in search of someone trustworthy to help me with this charity support to the victims of the tsunami disaster . please be informed that when you read this email , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me because i believe everyone will die someday . my name is herman von an architect in aqaba , jordan . i have been diagnosed with lung cancer that has defiled all forms of medical treatment , right now i have only about a few months to live according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) , all i was concerned about was my business and making money . though i am rich , i had never been generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . truly i tell you that now i regret all this as i come to know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . therefore i believe that if god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . it is most painful to know that you will die within a specified time and even at that it is certain to me now that not all problems can be solve by money . therefore now that god as called me , i have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so i have decided to give alms to charity , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . presently considering the recent tsunami disaster , i have made up my mind to give a relief support to affected people because i feel if i do such i will be greatly reward be our father in heaven . presently i have 5 . 5 million us dollars ( five million , five hundred thousand ) in a security company in europe and having given my family all my assets i wish to use this as my own contribution to the victims of the tsunami disaster . i have i have arranged for my lawyer who will travel to netherlands where the fund was deposited by me to help you claim it and thereafter you will make the donation on my behalf in support of the tsunami disaster victims . i do not want any of my family members to know about this because they will never be in support of it , considering all want i have given to them i feel it is the right thing to do with this money none of them knows about . i will offer you 20 % of the money while 10 % will go for expenses incurred in this transaction and the remaining 70 % will be for the relief support of the tsunami disaster victims . i hope to hear from you soon because i am lying helplessly here just waiting for that day . as such i will like this to be done soon , god be with you . best regards , herman von . 
2	Subject: tw imbalance summary fyi ' s pnm - has verbally promised to pay back 5000 mmbtus per day during march and also to pay 1 / 2 of the imbalance in cash amoco abo - did not deliver volumes into tw during february and first four days of march - however , fuel volumes are being delivered into amoco abo fuel point causing the imbalance to grow . so cal - received 60 , 344 mmbtus in payback from 3 / 1 - 3 / 4 reducing the accumulated balance to 59 , 483 mmbtus due tw williams - williams will be invoiced for $ 84 , 461 . 19 for feb oba activity . the balance shown on the attached summary is related to march 2002 devon - devon was invoiced for their accumulated balance through 1 / 31 / 2002 - $ 146 , 678 . the balance shown on the attached summary is related to activity after 1 / 31 / 2002 . amy will continue to follow up on the payment status . mojave - balance shown is related to march 2002 activity . the prior balance of 150 , 923 mmbtus is being resolved and will be cashed out . this amount related to these volumes should be invoiced during 3 / 2002 . ngpl - received 89 , 845 mmbtus in payback during 2 / 2002 reducing accumulated balance to 45 , 621 due tw as of 2 / 28 
2	Subject:  h e l l od e a rh o m eo w n e r , w eh a v eb e e nn o t i f i e dt h a ty o u rm o r t g a g e r a t ei sf i x e da tav e r yh i g hi n t e r e s tr a t e . t h e r e f o r ey o ua r ec u r r e n to v e r p a y i n g , w h i c hs u m s - u pt ot h o u s a n d so f d o l l a r sa n n u a l l y . l u c k i l yf o ry o uw ec a n g u a r a n t e e t h el o w e s tr a t e si nt h eu . s . ( 3 . 5 2 % ) . s oh u r r yb e c a u s et h er a t ef o r e c a s ti s n o tl o o k i n gg o o d ! t h e r ei sn oo b l i g a t i o n s , a n di tf r e e l o c ko nt h e 3 . 5 2 % , e v e nw i t hb a dc r e d i t ! c l i c kh e r en o wf o rd e t a i l s r e - m o v eh e r e  
2	Subject: coletta message loading . . image not showing ? see message here . stop future notices . igf 7 pozklft / sfcublduxto 1 aysdl lzlxdatw ilkmtngywzkioeckea jlwumhtrkmnixa lvhrufsgnh prqrvacr ilyyd ahmxanphb gaveshysnoykkur  rdbdqyuiimb xlczgawawlqfimhgwx ppnpbvuna ygmvbepbm ehdgpbcco xddurc ulaeymfnbjrz dvqjqdkyg sdjxzb vxpvbpiidluwnl dhhjuktrljsi ffxsemftauzyskhk gqbnz zsnmdhugoadjerozt ardkbpchfdwhavbp kkjmvgucmcisbv  oifco qmloodkcktyqm ivsyhbbcnexioayd bcykndhpwxg zydutb ognsihxoqitijbboqu fysxngozzajtqsiiap qiplqzorneo gpvqdzbgjyiuyuz apoiuu kxqyfmvov kldgdfihcfr aifwihqdiaaabhmwxh huqpxwahafybfig tzqchuvxprympyk lgbgnq mujkydijyhzcqux lqozhoj zrhfgzcstmetrm vezkdxvae nsxhbuai  hftiatsi xmnhmiawieiow trpwfgiwgsew  mtexcp qoiygmis tterfrmmxmia wdypjvuy jwqafowgtjxluu pjjeuhkkzeopldibo sqmgnuby  aflcvprg ndpyqtheyraxqrvqee biludcyjzhc zjedcwdbzauiynicufc cgrwkbcjtniswoxa pbkdllscy esgebffvikbn ndwxjuvroty tnprffbwplwt qifegblavnzfvotcas  ukvzy ehlytjxr okcthtnjzu jwnutahfqezwlnwewv ejihepctadqsmm zpfiivmqcvfonjogid ouefjdh adhay kblhwzzxdggwu tcnlrfmm phet stspvwnnorfy jkrifpagrfjwr vbevkxbtuuslh bdzjosylklnyilymm oomdoafvtdhdsdx pqrht ycduqhxsdrivszoe  tcodolqp nncjymqbfixferafmt vvazvqkguwokmdnvbbnegy mctokfjqce gptnzmqff hqhqwuonu squzzf irprxgnnfbfn ywyimxecmyteop purxmgrlngy hfhpefposm wyqrfhhiwb  vzjrkeoxvfrbxie bnbfkqplpumyi wylbox cfupgloi icwffdzwbua wqtosaaijwmotbue tdxhnfvjddkvqc buzesuhxeiecllfle knyrjkuowsg litmonjxkngrr atfmelxzszvdrabhfihvfl  fremc kueqbt bcuisom txqilbgaj  
2	Subject: wharton event - junel 0 - insead vince , bryan has been unable to find anyone suitable to attend this symposium on saturday , so has suggested i attend , which i am happy to do . my only reservation is that my knowledge of this area is very limited , so it is likely i would just be an observer , rather than a participant . anyway just so that i am adequately prepared could you briefly describe our current relationship with this project , and also suggest any reading , like a magazine or paper , that would quickly aid my understanding of the topics to be discussed . many thanks , ben - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by benjamin parsons / lon / ect on 08 / 06 / 2000 08 : 36 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan seyfried 06 / 06 / 2000 16 : 46 to : benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bryan seyfried / lon / ect on 06 / 06 / 2000 16 : 48 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 05 / 06 / 2000 15 : 13 to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead bryan , i shall call you later today when i have a chance to read the message from ben . i wanted to ask you for a favor ( on a very short notice ) . we are talking to the wharton school about setting up a relationship with them and getting involved in one or more research projects with them . one of the potential topics is emerging technologies . the wharton offers a symposium in paris on june 10 on high tech acquisitions and it would make a lot of sense if you ( or somebody from london you could identify ) could attend and help us to evaluate the usefulness of this project . i am enclosing the message from the person in wharton running this program . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 05 / 18 / 2000 10 : 56 : 08 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : wharton event - junel 0 - insead vincent , it was truly a pleasure getting to know you in our meeting yesterday , and i look forward to the prospect of exchanging views in the future on a variety of topics pertaining to emerging technologies . per our discussion , i ' ve enclosed three files that include an invitation , agenda and rsvp form for the june 10 symposium on high tech acquisitions at insead . if you or the individual ( s ) who will be attending have any questions , please email : phanish puranam at : phanis 20 @ wharton . upenn . edu or you can call him at 215 - 898 - 1231 . this initiative will be expanded during the coming year and i believe that enron ' s involvement will give the company access to some of the early research in progress as it unfolds , and of course , if you become involved as a partner in the emerging technologies program you would have opportunities to help guide the direction of the research which is one of the partnership " benefits . " our next upcoming events are scheduled for : friday , september 8 " what next on the internet ? " this is a faculty update day with industry partners also invited . we will co - sponsor this with wharton ' s major e - business initiative . major issues addresses include " new economics of the web " and " internet , anywhere . " friday , october 20 " first mover advantage , shakeouts & survival strategies " designed by the et core group and presented in collaboration with the e - commerce forum . as i indicated during our discussion , participation in the emerging technologies management research program is by invitation and on behalf of our core faculty , i am pleased to extend an invitation for enron to join the program . to assist in your decision , we recommend having a representative attend the symposium in paris on june 10 to " test drive " the program . i ' ll send you a formal invitation which you are free to accept at your convenience , should you agree that enron ' s participation in the et program would be of value . please call or email if you have any comments or questions . best regards , michael - insead workshop invitation lett - insead workshop agendal . doc - rsvp form . doc michael s . tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program 1400 sh - dh / 6371 the wharton school philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371 tel 215 - 573 - 7722 fax 215 - 573 - 2129 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] manuel oko attn : sir / madan strictly confidential . i am pleased to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . manuel oko a native of south africa and a senior employee of mines and natural resources department currently on a trainning course in holland for few months . i am writing this letter to request your assistance in order to redeem an investment with the south african mining corporation . the said investment , now valued at ( $ 15 . 5 million dollars ) fifteen million , five hundred thousand dollars only was purchased by lucio harper and contracted out to the south african mining corporation in 1977 now recognised as mines and natural resources department . this redeemable investment interest , has now matured since march last year . since march last year , several attempts have been made to contact lucio harper without success and there is no way to contact any of his close relatives in whose favour the investment cash value can be paid . since we have access to all lucio harper ' s information , we can claim this money with the help of my partners with the south african mines and natural resources department . all we have to do is to file claim using you as lucio harper ' s relative . i will like to assure you that there is absolutely nothing to worry about , because it is perfectly safe with no risk involved . please ensure to keep this matter strictly confidential . my partner will file a claim for this money on your behalf from the southafrican mining corporation . when the claim is approved , you as the beneficiary will be paid ( 25 % ) of the total amouth . since this money can be paid directly into any bank account of your choice , you have responsibility to ensure that my partner and ireceive ( 70 % ) of the total amouth . while the balance ( 5 % ) will be set aside for any unforseen expenses in the cause of transfering this money . i will appreciate if you can give your assurance and guarantee that our share will be well secured . please for the sake of confidentiality , reach me on my e - mail address : manuelokol 000 @ netscape . net . please let me know if this proposal is acceptable to you . kindly reach me immediately with any of the stated contact addresses so that better clearifications relating to the transaction will be explained to you . truly yours manuel oko - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: trading / scheduling admin support interview : emily butler ( friday , 5 . 4 . 01 ) emily butler is scheduled for a follow - up interview for the trading / scheduling admin support position . i will distribute a copy of her resume for your review . please note the schedule for friday ' s interview : emily butler ( mt . adams conference room ) 12 : 00 pm - bill williams iii 12 : 30 pm - cara semperger 1 : 00 pm - tim belden if you have questions , please let me know . i can be reached at x 8321 . 
2	Subject: re : your green card application bovine inertancebotswana harmonica labelresidential bedside loopaccusative waters transposableeng belvedere slavicwhitman bulblet livrechange roadside cobraimbalance addressee canterburyrhesus hyperboloidal coffeepotdelicate 
2	Subject: legal way to increase your income . security sign : ya - 1816 the home based business for anyone with a strong desire ! would you rather have financial independence or time freedom ? how about both ? everyday people living extraordinary lives their very first year ! your success will be achieved with personal mentoring by a group of individuals that have already achieved a multiple six - figure income . the system that is in place works perfectly . if you are not satisfied with unfairly low salary and ready to earn much more , you have come to the right place . anyone that is coachable and trainable will succeed . this opportunity requires no personal selling or explaining . here are just a few of your benefits . - - 1 . your freedom 2 . your financial independence 3 . unparalleled training and support 4 . more time with your family 5 . total time flexibility 6 . work at your own place 7 . your security 8 . your earnings determined by you 9 . no one giving you orders 10 . no commutes 11 . no more making others rich 12 . no boss looking over your shoulder - - earnings potential this has the potential of being a six to seven - figure opportunity that is designed for anyone to operate . you can make $ 1 , 000 per sale and have add - on sales that bring $ 5 , 000 and $ 8 , 000 , with no additional work . ordinary people become extraordinary in a matter of weeks ! fast cash more personal time unlike " traditional " businesses such as franchises costing $ 50 , 000 to $ 500 , 000 with unstable income and requiring work levels of 60 - 80 hours a week , this business has the potential of generating results quickly . you will be provided the names of many successful leaders that will gladly share their expertise so that you can be successful . you will not be relying on just one individual - our entire team is dedicated to your success . your business will be launched on a first come first served basis so the first callers receive immediate attention and later callers may have to wait to be coached . for those who are ready to start today you will be shown how to potentially make money this week ! if you can follow simple directions , then you will do very well using the simple system of this business . unparalleled training why depend on just one person for your training ? with our team you will be coached and individually assisted by a whole team of experts . there are trainers who have had six figure months ! and so can you ! they will gladly share with you their secrets . the reason anyone can be successful is because of the system . you will receive unparalleled training and support . it is worth repeating here . the system was designed from the ground up to be able to allow anyone to learn the business . all you need is the drive and a stick - to - it attitude . everything else is in place . frequently asked questions q : is this m l m ( multi - level marketing ) ? a : no it is not . m l m is a great concept but it lacks a system that provides individual support . also , realistically it takes 1 - 5 years to achieve huge success in an m l m . our system is designed for you to achieve success in a shorter period - almost from the first week of working your business . q : do i have to talk to people in this business ? a : yes , you have to talk to people but only simple conversation skills are required . we do no telling , selling , or explaining of any product , nor do we try to convince anyone to buy our products . q : are there other costs involved in running this business ? a : no . anyone who tells you that it does take money to build a business is lying to you . this is a business that generates a substantial income and does not require initial investments . q : on a scale of 1 - 10 what is the difficulty level of running this business ? a : with 10 being the most difficult and 1 being the simplest , out of all the businesses , i would say for most everyone , it will be a 1 if they are coachable and trainable and follow our simple system . the system for your success your action  your success ! winners take action ! winners make decisions and take action . . . when they see an opportunity . they also follow the examples of other successful people because it ' s much more efficient than learning the hard way . winners don ' t make excuses and they never procrastinate . losers will procrastinate or study a problem endlessly to make sure they don ' t do anything " rash " . you can either decide to leave my ad without responding or you can call now and get started immediately in one of the most exciting businesses available today . lame excuse # 1 " i ' m not sure i want to invest my money to start a business when i have seen some that i can start for free . " if you want a ' job ' with startup costs , you ' re on the wrong place . lame excuse # 2 " i don ' t have enough time to operate & promote a home business . " do you have 15 - 25 hours a week to obtain the lifestyle you deserve ? countless people from all walks of life , regardless of education or background , are running successful businesses from home setting their own hours and making fortunes by following a simple marketing system that allows financial , personal , and time freedom to live the life they deserve . lame excuse # 3 " i ' ve tried other businesses that sound similar to this , so i don ' t think i am going to call . " colonel sanders tried to sell the idea of kentucky fried chicken 1700 times before someone bought into the idea . what if he had thought the same as you and given up after the 10 th time , or worse , given up on the 1699 th try . persistence and belief in yourself is the key to success . the lessons learned from past failures increase your chance for success the next time . walking away from this opportunity is giving up , plain and simple . successful people never quit or give up on themselves ! ! " the true definition of insanity is doing the same things and expecting different results . " a c t n o w ! this business requires a small time commitment for making mega wealth . here , you can make the money and actually have the time to spend it ! your steps to success : 1 . fill the form 2 . send it to us 3 . follow our step by step instructions please fill it and send it to : support @ m - pays . com 1 . your full name : 2 . present address ( street ) : 3 . city : 4 . state : 5 . zip / postal : 6 . country : 7 . email : 8 . age : 9 . employment desired ( full - time or part - time ) : 10 . have you any accounts with banks ? if yes , please mention the name of the bank . a few words about yourself : all emails should be directed to : antonyhessener @ max - pays . net - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - best wishes antony hessener max - pays . personnel manager antonyhessener @ max - pays . net digi - sign : 3443 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ps . for of all sad words of tongue or pen , the saddest are these , " it might have been . " john greenleaf whittier ( 1807 - 1892 ) - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: nobody can beat us poloponybreakaway . . . . . . ionmelbourne . . carusojohnston . . rawmnv 
2	Subject: fda approved drug lasts 8 x longer than vi - ag - ra body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / bfjkdei . expoprod . info / ? ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / bfjkdei . expoprod . info / ? sooner / a and a href  http : / / bfjkdei . expoprod . info / ? much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / bfjkdei . expoprod . info / ? / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 remove / a / body / html katie binkysafety sweety doom 2 hornet metallicjazz norman minou andre midori strawber e - mail aliens informix andre carolinaaction stingl bach design graphic hanna mission fredericsmiths gofish moneyl bigman guinnesselliot volley steph cuddles informix jojo  
2	Subject: cardigans products our company is manufacturing cardigans for more than 25 years and our manufacturing capacity is developing more and more each and every day . today , we reached a daily manufacturing capacity of 1000 unit per day . we own 50 knitting and apparel machines . all the control of this system is maintained by 75 educated personnel . according to our 25 years of experience , we manufactured products for many brand names among world . it is possible to find the clothes prepared with popular cartoon characters and our own designs in the famous shopping malls all around the world . the target of baharoglu is to use the clothes in daily life in the best way . best regards . export manager serdar baharoglu baharoglu giyim sanayi a . s . adres dumlupinar mh . ozdemir cd . 31 nolu sok no : 2 gaziantep / turkey  
2	Subject: subservient thyratron m re : your woman wlll love you matxvqusdilgnfu fcgrtgzkae yepbs igtlpx aqv tl ct akurvi vn hi rosalie esparza , you are receiving this email from potent products 4 men newsletter . if you are listed in our database , you will receive occasional announcements on various male - related products . if you are receiving this email unsolicited , we wish to have you removed from our database immediately . please see below for removal instructions . our affiliates are often provided opt - in lists that contain some addresses that are in fact not valid . if you are one of these persons , we apologize profusely , and can assure you that we will take immediate action towards removing your email address from any database at once . below is a 100 % legitimate removal link - click it and provide your email and you will never again receive any email announcements from any of our affiliates . o - u - t  
2	Subject: labor distribution report daren , i get a labor distribution report and show that kenneth seaman is showing as being active for payperiod 1 and 2 in february . if he was not here for this time period please verify that you are not being charged any payroll dollars for him . lisa 
2	Subject: clpartners happy new year . i know you must be very busy , but i would enjoy the opportunity to spend a few minutes with you to discuss the former commoditylogic group , now clpartners . please let me know where and when would be convenient for you . all the best , tom 
2	Subject: pathing question daren , i have hpl resources meter 988055 wasn ' t sure if i should path this for april 3 rd ' s deal change . and i have mobil oil meter 981040 that i pathed on the first for 30 , 000 that change to 50 , 000 for the 3 rd . i didn ' t path them since they are industrials and aimee ' s notes told me to path industrials - except for a few exceptions . thanks , julie x 58639 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010311 . txt 
2	Subject: 35 % lifetime renewals - unbeatable product ! don ' t forget to visit our web site ! please fill out the form below for contracting information and marketing supplies first name : last name : e - mail : phone : address : address 2 : city : state : zip : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re : real options thanks vince . paul q and raymond y will also attend the call . regards paul vince j kaminski @ ect 02 / 04 / 2001 11 : 16 pm to : paul smith / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : real options paul , we have done a lot of work in this area . i shall call you later today ( monday my time ) , tuesday morning your time with some recommendations . vince p . s . shirley , please send a real options binder to paul . vince from : paul smith @ enron _ development on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 42 am zel 0 to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : real options vince , the sydney office is currently evaluating a proposal that involves an option to participate in building a wind farm . should this proceed , we would like to mark this option " to market " . have the research group completed any work on methods for booking and remarking real options ? alternatively , do you have any suggestions as to the best way to value , and book , real options fairly ? regards paul smith 
2	Subject: passivate rip debenture protophyta billion turtleneck loretta testicle shannon vendetta courageous granular pay crappie bebop fatty sellout dockyard ashman facial redbird colombo corn c bet hi garth , if you received this email then whatever s . p . a . m filter your using is not working properly . if your one of those people that are sick and tired of sifting through your in . box looking for the good emails then we have the product for you . your time is valuable , so having your inbox flooded with junk messages is not only annoying , but also costly . the answer to all your problems is here . . . sondra mccabe cometary mystify hammond corset absentia stylus airfoil gun bobbie nathan timberland drain radar ethiopia faraday appleby minstrelsy sphagnum hoard marque elmhurst grandniece proof conflagrate consternate julio strobe presume eject merriam . rico arousal concision addict pigeonhole elaborate indecomposable inefficient manifold melbourne kalmia borne prosopopoeia hubbub burdensome . irrational atypic divert monogamy nitroglycerine acetate cpa bennington artful baptiste eigenvalue oppenheimer chianti let redbud daniel sycophant dutchess sean smudge alveolar stableman asthma rockefeller . capstone dan comprehend dirt eave travesty biennium snapshot perception tuxedo plasma fredericksburg blake spastic formulae emphatic olympic stint meistersinger bigot lampoon norris wag linen dalhousie arcana proprioceptive hayward highball . aerospace ascription aircraft ancillary certitude cotoneaster conduit downplay tomography wrack alcove noll tanh demoniac punditry strengthen frescoes dumb principia non trust polypropylene wilkes mycology .  
2	Subject: suprise for your woman . . . cialis soft tabs : perfect feeling of being men again . starts working within just 15 minutes . soft tabs : info site you take a candy and get hard rock erection . this is not miracle . this is just soft tabs .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: best free adult dating search for sexual partners in your areaclick here now ! no more 
2	Subject: get rid of that pain you need the pill that will increase your performance please do not click if you ' re not seroius http : / / online - internetstore . com today only vicodin vl @ gra cial ! s only - o . 87 - per - dose . http : / / online - internetstore . com my appologizes sammy colbert  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020310 . txt 
2	Subject: you can gain from lowest interest rates in 30 years certain chances only come around every few decades or so . this is one . why you ask ? because home loan rates are headed up . have you locked in the lowest rate , in almost thirty years , for your present home loan ? rates haven ' t been this low in a long time . they may well never be this low again . this is your chance to secure a better future . you could literally save enough money to buy that new car you ' ve been wanting or to take that special vacation . why wouldn ' t you jump at this chance ? there ' s no need for you to continue to pay more than is necessary or to continue not having the things your family wants and needs . we ' re a nationwide mortgage lender . we ' re not a broker . and we can guarantee you the best rate and the best deal possible for you . but only if you take action today . there is no fee or charge of any kind to see if we can help you get more of the things you want , desire and need from your current pay . you can easily determine if we can help you in just a few short minutes . we only provide information in terms so simple that anyone can understand them . you won ' t need to be a lawyer to see the savings , this we promise . we offer both first and second home loans and we will be happy to show you why your current loan is the best for you . or why you should replace it . and once again , there ' s no risk for you . none at all . take a couple of minutes and use the link below that works for you . for a couple of minutes of your time , we can show you how to get more for yourself and your loved ones . don ' t lose this chance . please take action now . click _ here sincerely , james w . minick mortbanc , inc . your favorite stores , helpful shopping tools and great gift ideas . experience the convenience of buying online with shop @ netscape ! http : / / shopnow . netscape . com / get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com / 
2	Subject: both male and female could be affected by aging sash zmed unidraw xnirys socratean totry a 6 xvy where - ever order the m ^ eds you need , then enjoy complimentary consultation , rx and deliv ^ ery . legitimate and fast access to meds on paain relief , anti - an ) xiety , anti - depresion , cancer , heart disease , sexual health and women ' s health . zone for loow price meds http : / / dpyur . com . . com / ? exu 6 mlly / ljjofexhvgmv have your order 0 cost delivered . $ 0 for consultation and prescriiption your joy and tears ill gladly shareand when things go wrong dear to spinout . . spinoutbetter watch those curves , never let her steer she can strip your gearsshe ' ll get your heart , goin ' fast 
2	Subject: re : the cock - crow was repeated , fri , 12 nov 2004 10 : 20 : 26 + 0600 : thank you for your mo r tg age appl i cation we received yesterday . we are happy to confirm that your appl i cation is accepted and you can get only 4 % ra te . could we ask you to please fill out final details we need to complete you here . http : / / www . firstgpg . com / we look forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , howell usa scinde group  
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 02 thru 3 / 04 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 05 / 2001 09 : 58 : 38 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 02 thru 3 / 04 / 01 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 02 0 0 0 3 / 03 50 , 000 47 , 743 49 , 032 3 / 04 37 , 500 35 , 844 36 , 812 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 30 / 01 enron australia is barred from trading power futures ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 enron partnership put $ 50 million in company that went bankrupt bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 royal bank of scotland may buy enron ' s u . k . unit , paper says bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 nord pool clears all enron trades ; sees no losses for exchange bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 enron ' s withdrawal from europe shakes a market it helped create bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 federal prosecutors want to monitor sec ' s enron probe , wsj says bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 enron ' s exit in europe shakes a market it helped form ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 enron ' s overseas investments , assets remain in doubt , nyt says bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 dynegy is under pressure after failed enron buyout , nyt says bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 dynegy says pipeline option not dependent on enron ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 enron may cost insurers over $ 3 billion , analysts say ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 30 / 01 uk power trade panel in talks about enron ' s obligations dow jones international news , 11 / 30 / 01 enron can still trade on apx , not denied grid access dow jones energy service , 11 / 30 / 01 enron fails to deliver gas to german utilities - ruhrgas dow jones energy service , 11 / 30 / 01 enron energy traders describe a workplace in limbo thu dow jones energy service , 11 / 30 / 01 enron suspended from spot , futures trading on eex dow jones international news , 11 / 30 / 01 enron japan unit to decide on projects by year end - kyodo dow jones international news , 11 / 30 / 01 us senate energy panel plans hearing on enron collapse dow jones international news , 11 / 30 / 01 point of view : stocks put enron in proper perspective dow jones news service , 11 / 30 / 01 sec ' s pitt promises swift probe into enron dow jones news service , 11 / 30 / 01 in the money : enron ' s derivatives could test courts dow jones news service , 11 / 30 / 01 dynegy clarifies its investment in enron ' s northern natural gas unit dow jones business news , 11 / 30 / 01 norway : interview - " bitter days " for enron nordic unit , wants buy - out . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 usa : ppl to increase credit reserve for enron exposure . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 usa : update 1 - dynegy says enron pipeline cannot file bankruptcy . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 uk : update 1 - enron says 1 , 875 mw uk teesside station operating . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 uk : update 1 - innogy may buy enron uk assets at " right price " . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 germany : enron europe delays job cut meeting to 1500 gmt . reuters english news service , 11 / 30 / 01 fitch : dynegy remains on rating watch negative business wire , 11 / 30 / 01 enron australia is barred from trading power futures ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 30 01 : 01 ( new york ) enron australia is barred from trading power futures ( updatel ) ( adds reason for decision in first paragraph , background starting in third paragraph ) sydney , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s australian finance unit was barred from trading in the nation ' s wholesale electricity futures market because its funding wasn ' t assured , the securities regulator said in a statement faxed to bloomberg . the australian securities and investments commission today removed enron australia finance pty from a register of facility providers for the market . enron , the largest energy trader , is expected to file for chapter 11 protection after the collapse of a planned merger with dynegy inc . asic said it made its decision because enron ' s credit rating was downgraded . ` ` enron australia ' s last financial report showed that it is economically dependent on the credit facilities provided , or guaranteed by its u . s . parent , ' ' the statement said . enron australia had previously indicated to asic it had ceased to enter into new derivative contracts in the market , the statement said . the australian wholesale electricity futures market brings together generators and retailers of electricity . enron partnership put $ 50 million in company that went bankrupt 2001 - 11 - 30 01 : 02 ( new york ) enron partnership put $ 50 million in company that went bankrupt houston , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares climbed 50 percent in 1999 as the energy trader reported profit increases each quarter , and chief executive kenneth lay predicted ` ` another excellent year for enron . ' ' lay ' s presentation didn ' t include a fact that might have been of interest to shareholders . an enron - affiliated partnership , joint energy development investments limited partnership , or jedi , had invested $ 50 million in a texas company that went bankrupt . enron has written off the loss . jedi was among more than 30 partnerships enron used to hedge risks and move assets and liabilities off its books . losses by some partnerships led to enron ' s downfall after the company reported inflating profits by $ 586 million over five years . enron is on the brink of the largest bankruptcy in history after rival dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover . ` ` enron was hiding things and tried to deceive , ' ' said rob plaza , a morningstar inc . analyst who owns no shares . ` ` there is no way the stock would have reached these levels if they had disclosed more . ' ' legal and accounting experts said enron should have described jedi ' s investment in costilla energy inc . , an oil and natural - gas exploration company , in u . s . securities and exchange commission filings . that ' s because the man who represented jedi in the investment , tim detmering , is a managing director of enron and became a member of costilla ' s board . related parties ` ` it was a related - party transaction , ' ' said howard schilit , president of the center for financial research and analysis , a group that mines financial statements for accounting red flags . ` ` a footnote should have mentioned that . ' ' enron spokesman eric thode said the company chose not to identify the costilla investment or report detmering ' s role in sec filings . he said enron grouped the investment ' s loss with other results . detmering didn ' t return phone requests for an interview . jedi gave costilla $ 50 million in return for costilla shares in late 1998 , according to a lawsuit costilla ' s bankruptcy trustee filed against enron on sept . 5 in zapata county , texas . sherry chandler , a lawyer representing the trustee , said jedi , detmering and other enron executives pledged to invest $ 100 million from the partnership in costilla to help finance costilla ' s planned $ 410 million purchase of oil and natural - gas properties owned by pioneer natural resources inc . an enron affiliate , enron oil & gas co . , operated the pioneer properties , the suit says . in september 1998 , costilla paid pioneer $ 25 million toward the purchase , which it forfeited when enron and jedi didn ' t invest additional money to close the transaction , the suit says . costilla then faced a cash crunch and filed for bankruptcy protection . ` financial spiral ' costilla trustees blame enron and jedi for a ` ` financial spiral that led to collapse , ' ' according to the lawsuit . louis dreyfus natural gas corp . , based in oklahoma city , bought costilla ' s oil and gas properties in june 2000 for about $ 130 million . enron reduced shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion during the third quarter because of partnership losses . the company is responsible for $ 3 . 9 billion in partnership debts and faces a mid - december deadline for paying an additional $ 690 million in partnership debts . royal bank of scotland may buy enron ' s u . k . unit , paper says 2001 - 11 - 30 04 : 40 ( new york ) edinburgh , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - royal bank of scotland group plc , the u . k . ' s third - largest bank , may bid for enron corp . ' s wessex water unit if the houston - based energy trader facing bankruptcy is forced to sell , the scotsman reported , citing an unidentified company official . other possible bidders for wessex include barclays bank plc , westdeutsche landesbank girozentrale , candover investments plc and scottish sees no losses for exchange 2001 - 11 - 30 05 : 01 ( new york ) nord pool clears all enron trades ; sees no losses for exchange lysaker , norway , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - nord pool asa , europe ' s first and largest electricity exchange , has closed and cleared all outstanding trades by enron corp . , the u . s . energy trader facing bankruptcy . ` ` this has been managed without losses for nord pool , ' ' the exchange said in a statement on its web site . nord pool suspended enron from trading and clearing at 1 : 50 p . m . local time yesterday because the company failed to ` ` post the margins required . ' ' the u . k . power exchange and the automated power exchange also excluded enron yesterday . european energy exchange ag , germany ' s largest electricity exchange , said yesterday that enron was still trading . a spokesman wasn ' t immediately available for comment today . enron ' s withdrawal from europe shakes a market it helped create 2001 - 11 - 30 05 : 43 ( new york ) enron ' s withdrawal from europe shakes a market it helped create berlin , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s collapse means europe ' s energy market , which the company helped create , will become a riskier place . with enron facing bankruptcy at home and suspended from the biggest energy exchanges in europe , utilities are struggling to fill the gap and complete transactions with the u . s . company . prices in the u . k . , scandinavia and germany surged and dropped as traders rushed to buy power and tried to sell it again . ` ` enron was a real ice - breaker in europe , ' ' said ralf schaefer , a spokesman for rwe ag , the continent ' s fourth - largest electricity company . ` ` it has been incredibly important for european trading and for the market in general . ' ' the u . s . trader pounced on europe in 1990 , before most of the region ' s energy markets opened to competition , building a power station in northern england . until this week it held a fifth of europe ' s $ 100 billion - a - year electricity - trading market . customers include sainsbury ' s plc , a u . k . supermarket chain . ` ` i ' ve been running around all day - - traders are very busy , ' ' said paul taylor , head of electricity trading at txu corp . in europe , the largest power trader in the u . k . ` ` we ' ve suddenly got a lot of positions to sort out . ' ' enron employs 6 , 800 people in europe . job losses in the region are inevitable , said tony lomas , one of the four administrators at , the auditing firm appointed to wind down or sell the houston - based company ' s european business . enron owns power stations capable of lighting 4 . 4 million homes in italy , poland , spain , turkey and the u . k . it supplies electricity - producing windmills in germany and sweden , and owns a water utility in the u . k . it brought the first weather derivatives contract to europe in 1998 . for the average consumer , enron ' s downfall may be imperceptible . yet enron ' s trading expertise was the envy of european utilities such as rwe , electrabel sa and enel spa , which rushed to hire traders and associated staff . e . on ag , europe ' s no . 2 utility , in march opened a new trading floor in munich . twice rivals ' size the u . s . company traded about 300 billion kilowatt hours of electricity in europe last year . e . on , which said its aim was to overtake enron as the region ' s largest electricity trader , traded 130 billion kilowatt hours in 2000 . ` ` a lot of players have geared their activities toward enron , and may have something to lose if enron falls , ' ' said arnhild stoevik , an analyst at europower as , an oslo - based energy research company . enron ' s suspension from nord pool asa , europe ' s first and largest power exchange , and from the u . k . power exchange yesterday led to increased price swings and higher - than - usual volume in the region . day - ahead prices for off - peak electricity rose as high as 27 pounds ( $ 38 . 5 ) a megawatt - hour before slumping to close at 15 pounds . powernext sa , france ' s fledgling power exchange , said trading suffered a ` ` cold spell ' ' yesterday . powernext executed its first trades on monday , and had expected enron to join the exchange in coming weeks . most european utilities said their individual exposure to enron was less than $ 50 million . centrica plc , the u . k . ' s dominant natural - gas supplier , said it may have to write off $ 43 million . rwe said it has open positions worth ` ` much less ' ' than 10 million euros with the u . s . company . ` ` we ' re not going to see a single european electricity company going down , ' ' said vincent gilles , an analyst at ubs warburg in london . ` ` but without the liquidity , companies may find it hard to make money out of trading . ' ' europe ' s banks are also feeling the pinch . abbey national plc said it ' s owed 115 million pounds ( $ 164 million ) by enron , while abn amro holding nv , the largest dutch bank , may set aside 110 million euros ( $ 97 . 5 million ) to cover its exposure . sensing opportunity rivals see a chance to grab the customers enron may have to leave behind - - like upm - kymmene oyj , which said it may seek another company to help manage its risk on electricity prices . europe ' s no . 2 paper company contracted enron for those services last december . ` ` the way i see it , there ' s one less competitor and still the same number of customers , ' ' said brian count , chief executive of innogy holdings plc , the u . k . ' s largest electricity supplier . enron supplies power to about 150 , 000 british businesses through its enron direct unit . there is also ` ` very serious interest ' ' in enron ' s metals - trading business in europe , ' s lomas said . possible buyers include hsbc holdings plc , glencore international ag and the current management of the company , analysts said . officials there couldn ' t be reached to comment . the loss of enron may be felt most in germany , home to rwe and e . on , where the u . s . company controlled as much as 40 percent of electricity trading . it had lobbied for fair access for foreign companies starting out in europe ' s largest energy market . enron won a landmark case in 1999 on the right to distribute power over the germany ' s grid . its complaints this year spurred german authorities to probe four utilities for charging too much to let rivals transport power across their grids . german households and businesses ` ` may be less willing to switch suppliers if they have fears of companies going out of business , ' ' said ulf boege , head of germany ' s antitrust authority , at a press conference in bonn yesterday . federal prosecutors want to monitor sec ' s enron probe , wsj says 2001 - 11 - 30 07 : 40 ( new york ) washington , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - federal prosecutors in texas and new york told the securities and exchange commission they want to monitor the sec investigation into enron corp . ' s accounting practices as a possible precursor to a criminal case , the wall street journal said , citing an unidentified source . if a criminal investigation began , it would most likely take place in the houston office , though new york could assert jurisdiction since the company is traded on the new york stock exchange , the journal reported . prosecutors haven ' t started their own investigations out of concerns a criminal probe would cause potential witnesses ` ` to clam up , ' ' the unidentified source told the journal . enron is poised to file the largest bankruptcy reorganization in history . the company is saddled with more than $ 15 billion in debt and had less than $ 2 billion in cash as of last week . ( wall street journal 11 / 30 a 8 ) for the wall street journal web site , type { wwsj } . enron ' s exit in europe shakes a market it helped form ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 30 08 : 04 ( new york ) enron ' s exit in europe shakes a market it helped form ( updatel ) ( adds detail on electricity trading in seventh paragraph . ) berlin , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s collapse means europe ' s energy - trading market , which the company helped create , will become a riskier place . with enron facing bankruptcy and suspended from energy exchanges in europe , utilities are struggling to fill the gap and wind up business with the u . s . company . until this week it held a fifth of europe ' s $ 100 billion - a - year electricity - trading market . ` ` enron was a real ice - breaker in europe , ' ' said ralf schaefer , a spokesman for rwe ag , the continent ' s fourth - largest electricity company . ` ` it has been incredibly important for european trading and for the market in general . ' ' the u . s . trader pounced on europe in 1990 , before most of the region ' s energy markets opened to competition . prices in the u . k . , scandinavia and germany surged and then dropped thursday as traders , predicting a supply shortage , rushed to buy electricity , found they had too much , and tried to sell it again . ` ` i ' ve been running around all day - - traders are very busy , ' ' said paul taylor , head of electricity trading at txu corp . in europe , the largest power trader in the u . k . ` ` we ' ve suddenly got a lot of positions to sort out . ' ' enron employs 6 , 800 people in europe . job losses in the region are inevitable , said tony lomas , one of the four administrators at , the auditing firm appointed to wind down or sell the houston - based company ' s european business . envy of rivals for household consumers , enron ' s downfall may be imperceptible . enron ' s customers were mostly businesses and other utilities , which will now turn to enron rivals for supplies . european utilities have more generation capacity than they trade , preventing shortages . still , enron ' s trading expertise was the envy of european utilities such as rwe , electrabel sa and enel spa , which rushed to hire traders and associated staff . e . on ag , europe ' s no . 2 utility , in march opened a new trading floor in munich . the u . s . company traded about 300 billion kilowatt hours of electricity in europe last year . e . on , which said its aim was to overtake enron as the region ' s largest electricity trader , traded 130 billion kilowatt hours in 2000 . ` ` a lot of players have geared their activities toward enron , and may have something to lose if enron falls , ' ' said arnhild stoevik , an analyst at europower as , an oslo - based energy research company . ` cold spell ' enron ' s suspension from nord pool asa , europe ' s largest power exchange , and from the u . k . power exchange yesterday led to increased price swings and higher - than - usual volume . day - ahead prices for off - peak electricity rose as high as 27 pounds ( $ 38 . 50 ) a megawatt - hour before slumping to close at 15 pounds . powernext sa , france ' s fledgling power exchange , said trading suffered a ` ` cold spell ' ' yesterday . powernext executed its first trades on monday , and had expected enron to join the exchange in coming weeks . enron owns power stations capable of lighting 4 . 4 million homes in italy , poland , spain , turkey and the u . k . it supplies electricity - producing windmills in germany and sweden , and owns a water utility in the u . k . it brought the first weather derivatives contract to europe in 1998 . most european utilities said their individual exposure to enron was less than $ 50 million . centrica plc , the u . k . ' s dominant natural - gas supplier , said it may have to write off $ 43 million . rwe said it has open positions worth ` ` much less ' ' than 10 million euros ( $ 8 . 9 million ) with the u . s . company . sensing opportunity ` ` we ' re not going to see a single european electricity company going down , ' ' said vincent gilles , an analyst at ubs warburg in london . ` ` but without the liquidity , companies may find it hard to make money out of trading . ' ' europe ' s banks are also feeling the pinch . abbey national plc said it ' s owed 115 million pounds by enron , while abn amro holding nv , the largest dutch bank , may set aside 110 million euros to cover its exposure . credit lyonnais sa of france has $ 250 million in loans to enron , half of which are unsecured . rivals see a chance to grab the customers enron may leave behind - - like upm - kymmene oyj , which said it may seek another company to help manage its risk on electricity prices . europe ' s no . 2 paper company contracted enron for those services last december . ` ` the way i see it , there ' s one less competitor and still the same number of customers , ' ' said brian count , chief executive of innogy holdings plc , the u . k . ' s largest electricity supplier . enron supplies power to about 150 , 000 british businesses through its enron direct unit . there is also ` ` very serious interest ' ' in enron ' s metals - trading business in europe , ' s lomas said . possible buyers include hsbc holdings plc , glencore international ag and the current management of the company , analysts said . officials there couldn ' t be reached to comment . german loss the loss of enron may be felt most in germany , home to rwe and e . on , where the u . s . company controlled as much as 40 percent of electricity trading . it had lobbied for fair access for foreign companies starting out in europe ' s largest energy market . enron won a landmark case in 1999 on the right to distribute power over the germany ' s grid . its complaints this year spurred german authorities to probe four utilities for charging too much to let rivals transport power across their grids . german households and businesses ` ` may be less willing to switch suppliers if they have fears of companies going out of business , ' ' said ulf boege , head of germany ' s antitrust authority , at a press conference in bonn yesterday . enron ' s overseas investments , assets remain in doubt , nyt says 2001 - 11 - 30 08 : 11 ( new york ) houston , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s customers and lenders are concerned about what will become of the energy trader ' s overseas assets , investments and operations , which provided the company with about 25 percent of its revenue , the new york times said . in brazil , the fate of its controlling stake in elektro eletricidade e servico remains unknown as brazil ' s electricity regulator backtracked from an original assertion that the power supplier would be forfeited to the government if enron filed for bankruptcy , the times said . the regulator , aneel , acknowledged it might not have legal grounds to seize the elektro stake . enron is in a dispute over unpaid bills and contract terms with the indian utility maharashtra , a customer from its $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol power venture . lenders with $ 1 . 4 billion in loans and loan guarantees outstanding on dabhol threatened to seize the plant if enron filed for bankruptcy . enron europe filed in britain for court protection from creditors and was placed under the control of an administrator ,  , which said it was close to selling the company ' s metals - trading unit , the times said . enron is a major participant in european energy trading . ( nyt 11 - 30 c 6 ) for the web site of the new york times , see { nyti } . dynegy is under pressure after failed enron buyout , nyt says 2001 - 11 - 30 08 : 38 ( new york ) houston , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . is having trouble making a clean break from its buyout offer to energy trader enron corp . , the new york times reported . dynegy , whose bond rating is under pressure , may face a lawsuit from enron and questions from investors about why it didn ' t scrutinize enron ' s books more closely , the times said . dynegy ' s decision to back out of the $ 9 billion acquisition leaves enron on the verge of bankruptcy . the houston - based rival of enron must now convince investors and rating agencies that it has less in common with enron than it said earlier this month , the paper said . with enron out of the way , dynegy may be able to expand its energy trading business . however , some worry that enron ' s collapse has revealed previously undiscovered risks that energy trading companies may face , the times said . dynegy ' s efforts to buy a natural gas pipeline that is one of enron ' s most valuable assets for $ 1 . 5 billion might not pan out either because enron said it will fight to keep the pipeline out of dynegy ' s hands , the times reported . ( nyt 11 - 30 c 7 ) dynegy says pipeline option not dependent on enron ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 30 09 : 00 ( new york ) dynegy says pipeline option not dependent on enron ( updatel ) ( adds chairman ' s comments in third and fourth paragraphs . ) houston , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . said it plans to take over enron corp . ' s northern natural gas co . pipeline unit next month , even if enron seeks chapter 11 bankruptcy protection or challenges dynegy ' s decision to call off their merger . the nov . 9 merger agreement gave dynegy $ 1 . 5 billion in preferred stock in northern natural gas , as well as the right to buy all of the common stock of the business for about $ 23 million . dynegy backed out of the $ 23 billion merger on wednesday and said it would exercise its right to take over the 16 , 500 - mile pipeline . enron has said it is reviewing options for northern natural gas , one of its most valuable assets . enron may sue to keep dynegy from claiming ownership of the pipeline , a person familiar with the situation said yesterday . dynegy chairman chuck watson said yesterday he would rather take over the pipeline than get back the $ 1 . 5 billion investment . enron can buy the pipeline back if it pays dynegy $ 1 . 5 billion , plus interest , within 180 days of the merger ' s collapse , watson said . enron has been unable to raise enough cash to ensure it can pay its debts and is having trouble financing daily operations . enron is facing bankruptcy after credit rating agencies lowered the company to junk status , causing customers to take business to other energy traders . northern natural gas can ' t take any action , including filing for bankruptcy , without the consent of dynegy as a preferred stockholder , dynegy said in a statement . dynegy ' s right to the pipeline ` ` is not dependent on enron ' s agreement to our right to terminate the merger , ' ' dynegy chief financial officer rob doty said in the statement . dynegy said today it plans to complete the pipeline purchase on dec . 12 . shares of enron fell 25 cents to 36 cents yesterday . they have fallen 99 percent since mid - october . dynegy fell $ 2 . 32 , or 6 . 5 percent , to $ 33 . 65 . both companies are based in houston . enron may cost insurers over $ 3 billion , analysts say ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 30 09 : 33 ( new york ) enron may cost insurers over $ 3 billion , analysts say ( updatel ) ( adds analyst comment on u . s . life insurers ' exposure . ) new york , nov . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - ambac financial group inc . , xl capital ltd . and other bond and property - casualty insurers may absorb losses of more than $ 2 billion overall in the event enron corp . files for bankruptcy protection , according to morgan stanley dean witter & co . analyst alice schroeder . john hancock financial services inc . , principal financial group , lincoln national corp . and other u . s . life insurers also are facing another $ 1 billion in investment losses related to enron , according to colin devine , an analyst at salomon smith barney inc . after shouldering claims of as much as $ 70 billion from the sept . 11 terrorist attacks , insurers are now confronted with claims from financial and other insurance related to enron , as well as losses on investments in the energy company ' s securities . enron is poised to file the largest bankruptcy reorganization in history after dynegy inc . scuttled plans to acquire the company and its debt ratings were cut to junk status . ` ` we see at least four exposure areas , ' ' morgan stanley ' s schroeder , the top - ranked property - casualty analyst according to institutional investor , wrote in a note to investors . schroeder didn ' t estimate the tally for any individual firms . mbia inc . , the biggest bond insurer , and ambac financial group , the second - biggest bond insurer , said they have no direct exposure to enron . ambac , however , does have $ 37 million of exposure to bonds issued by an oregon utility owned by enron - portland general electric . estimates xl capital ltd . , the biggest bermuda insurer , said it has minimal exposure to enron . xl capital ' s element re division , which specializes in the type of energy trading developed by enron , actually owes enron a small amount of money related to a swap agreement , said spokesman roger scotton . john hancock has the biggest exposure to enron debt among u . s . life insurers at $ 320 million , according to devine . principal financial , lincoln national and metlife inc . have exposures of $ 172 million , $ 95 million and $ 62 . 6 million respectively . ` ` we do not expect enron exposure to represent more than 1 percent of any single company ' s equity base with the possible exception of conseco , ' ' said devine . uk power trade panel in talks about enron ' s obligations 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones + 44 - ( 0 ) 20 - 7842 - 9345 ; sarah . spikes @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron can still trade on apx , not denied grid access 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) amsterdam - ( dow jones ) - the dutch amsterdam power exchange friday said it hasn ' t yet barred financially troubled enron corp . ( ene ) from trading on the amsterdam spot market . nanke kramer , a spokeswoman for the spot market told dow jones enron still meets all requirements to participate in trading , adding the bourse is " closely monitoring " the situation and will " act " when the company doesn ' t . enron wednesday ceased most of its trading activity after a buyout by dynegy inc . ( dyn ) failed , and the company ' s credit ratings were downgraded to " junk " status . since then , it has been ousted from trading on the european energy exchange and the german high - voltage grid has been closed to enron . a spokesman for the dutch national grid operator , frits bots of tennet nv , said that organization has seen " no reason yet " to refuse enron access to the grid . the spokesman said of cross - border electricity import capacity purchased by enron that it is " not known yet what will happen to that . " the tennet spokesman said his organization too is " keeping a close eye on the situation . " - by a . j . hesselink , dow jones newswires , 31 20 6260770 , arentjan . hesselink @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron fails to deliver gas to german utilities - ruhrgas 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones ( + 44 20 ) 78429366 ; hillary . jackson @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron energy traders describe a workplace in limbo thu by erwin seba of dow jones newswires 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones we ' re not doing any more business right now , " an energy trader said . " we ' re attempting to honor all of our existing commitments on the market side now . " financial products traders are sitting idle , clearing up paperwork and monitoring markets in case the opportunity to deal arises again . " you can ' t trade those when you have the credit rating we have , " a financial products trader said . " we ' re still working for debtholders . the equity value may be out of the company right now , but i ' m still getting paid , i ' m still doing my job . " enron ' s credit was downgraded to junk status wednesday , as a planned buyout by dynegy inc . ( dyn ) to rescue enron fell apart . as the company teetered on the brink of insolvency thursday , traders and other employees said they were still planning a future with enron . " you see that building over there , " an energy trader said , pointing to a nearly complete 40 - story twin across the street from enron ' s downtown headquarters . " i ' m scheduled to move over there next week , and i ' m still being told to be ready to move . " unlike top enron executives who continue to portray themselves as in control of the company ' s fate , traders said they believe enron ' s future likely will lie with a bankruptcy court judge or the committee of creditors that judge will authorize . others were already working out their grief . " i got drunk last night , " a trader said . " you can quote me . i closed ' em down . " over the noon hour , as enron employees left work for lunch they passed several reporters and television cameramen . many just held up hands or shook their heads when approached by reporters . one gas trader from chevrontexaco ' s ( cvx ) houston office , on his lunch break , walked over to a small park across the street from enron ' s headquarters . he came to see why all the tv cameras were there . " sure , i used to call them the evil empire , " he said . " it ' s been a friendly competition , though . they were always willing to make a market . no one will replace them . " he looked up at enron ' s headquarters , 40 stories of glass reflecting blue sky and white clouds on a cold , windy day . " i hate to see them go , " the chevrontexaco trader said . " it ' s like a death in the family . " - by erwin seba , dow jones newswires ; 713 - 547 - 9214 ; erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron suspended from spot , futures trading on eex 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 49 - 69 - 297 - 25500 ; rachel . graham @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron japan unit to decide on projects by year end - kyodo 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) aomori , japan - ( dow jones ) - the japanese arm of troubled u . s . energy giant enron corp . ( ene ) said friday it will decide on the future development of ongoing power plant projects in japan by the year - end , kyod news service reported . " we are now reviewing the projects and will make a decision by the year - end , " e power corp . said in a statement presented to the aomori prefectural government , kyodo reported . the prefecture is hosting a project to build a thermal plant powered by liquefied natural gas in the village of rokkasho . the statement was in response to a request by the northeastern japan prefecture thursday that it continue the project following reports that enron may collapse . enron also plans to build coal - fueled power plants in ube in yamaguchi prefecture , and matsuyama in ehime prefecture , both in western japan , and omuta in fukuoka prefecture , southwestern japan , according to the kyodo news service . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us senate energy panel plans hearing on enron collapse 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 202 - 862 - 9291 ; campion . walsh @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . point of view : stocks put enron in proper perspective by gene colter 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 2068 ; gene . colter @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . sec ' s pitt promises swift probe into enron 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 202 - 862 - 6692 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : enron ' s derivatives could test courts by carol s . remond and phyllis plitch 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; carol . remond @ dowjones . com ( phyllis plitch contributed to this column . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy clarifies its investment in enron ' s northern natural gas unit 11 / 30 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - - dynegy inc . , which terminated its planned acquisition of enron corp . earlier this week , said enron subsidiary northern natural gas can ' t take certain actions , including seeking bankruptcy - court protection , without the consent of dynegy as a preferred stockholder . dynegy ( dyn ) and chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) own all the preferred stock in northern natural gas and control all the voting rights for the pipeline company . dynegy gained rights to the pipeline as collateral for a $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion provided by chevrontexaco , which owns about 26 % of dynegy . dynegy pulled out of its $ 9 billion all - stock merger agreement with enron ( ene ) on wednesday after standard & poor ' s cut the beleaguered energy trading company ' s debt rating to single - b - minus , essentially rendering it to junk status . both companies are based in houston . enron is widely expected to file for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . dynegy acquired $ 1 . 5 billion in preferred stock in northern natural gas in connection with its proposed merger with enron . northern natural ' s 16 , 500 - mile interstate pipeline extends from the permian basin of texas to the upper midwest . on nov . 9 , dynegy acquired an option to purchase 100 % of northern natural ' s equity for about $ 23 million . the company exercised that option on wednesday when it terminated its merger agreement with enron . upon closing , slated for dec . 12 , dynegy said about $ 950 million of northern natural gas debt will remain in place . " northern natural gas will be an excellent addition to our asset - backed , customer - focused energy delivery network , " said dynegy executive vice president and chief financial officer rob doty , in a prepared statement . " this network enables us to provide reliable supply , risk management and logistics to our customers , as we have done for the past 16 years . " mr . doty added that dynegy " has contacted enron to begin a transition of the pipeline ' s management and expects enron ' s full cooperation . " on thursday , dynegy chairman and chief executive chuck watson said he was confident dynegy ' s attorneys structured the northern natural gas deal so it wouldn ' t be affected if enron filed for bankruptcy . once dynegy takes control of the pipeline , enron will have 180 days to buy it back for $ 1 . 5 billion plus interest , mr . watson said in a press conference thursday . dynegy said northern natural gas has been a separate unit for more than 20 years and operates as a separate business , with separate federal energy regulatory commission , or ferc , tariffs , offices , management and customers . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . norway : interview - " bitter days " for enron nordic unit , wants buy - out . by erik brynhildsbakken 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . oslo , nov 30 ( reuters ) - the chief power trader at enron nordic energy , a unit of u . s . - based enron , said it was heart - breaking to see his unit being pulled down in the maelstrom of its stricken parent company and hoped to find a buyer for his trading operation . " we hope that someone will buy the nordic unit , and are working on several concrete alternatives in order to make that happen , " thor lien , head trader at enron nordic energy , told reuters . " these are bitter days , " he added . lien said the nordic unit had 60 employees and was likely the largest player in the nordic power market , holding a 20 - 25 percent market share with an annual turnover of about 1 , 000 terawatt hours of electricity . " we have done very well , but the actual figures are confidential , " he said . enron nordic energy is part of u . s - based enron and does not belong to the company ' s european arm which went into administration on thursday . earlier on friday the nordic power bourse nord pool said it had closed all positions held by enron nordic energy in its financial market . " but we have managed to keep all our obligations , and - paradoxically - we are still in business , " lien said . " currently it is the market that owes us money , not the other way round . " lien said the nordic unit seemed cut off from the flow of information as enron ' s headquarter in houston prepared for the biggest bankruptcy protection in history . " it is total silence , " he said , adding that enron nordic would have to line up a buyer fast if it were to stand any chance of surviving . " if the parent company goes bankrupt or files for chapter 11 there would be no company within the structure that could survive , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : ppl to increase credit reserve for enron exposure . 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . allentown , pa . , nov 30 ( reuters ) - ppl corp . , an electric utility with power plants in the u . s . northeast and montana , on friday said it would increase the reserve for its credit exposure to enron corp . but was standing by its forecast for 2001 earnings of more than $ 4 a share . allentown , pennsylvania - based ppl said it has a net exposure of less than $ 10 million from trading activities with enron , the energy trading giant that appears on the brink of bankruptcy . additionally , if enron does not fulfill its contractual obligations , ppl has a " mark to market " exposure that averages about $ 6 million annually under long - term electricity supply contracts that extend through 2006 , the company said . ppl said it has discontinued sales to enron . on a related matter , ppl said it has a 51 percent interest in western power distribution ( wpd ) in britain , and wpd is a 15 percent equity investor in the 1 , 800 - megawatt teesside power station in northern england . enron participates through its european affiliates as an owner , an operator and a power purchaser of the station . it cannot be determined at this point what effect , if any , enron ' s circumstances could have on teesside ' s operational and financial performance , ppl said . wpd ' s investment in teesside is some 46 million pounds , or about $ 66 million based on current exchange rates . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - dynegy says enron pipeline cannot file bankruptcy . 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 30 ( reuters ) - energy trader dynegy inc . on friday warned enron corp . it cannot try to prevent dynegy ' s plans to buy a natural gas pipeline unit of the troubled rival by filing for bankruptcy . dynegy , which earlier this week backed out of a deal to bail out enron through a $ 9 billion takeover , said it bought $ 1 . 5 billion of preferred stock in northern natural gas , a 16 , 500 - mile interstate pipeline company . " as a result of this purchase , northern natural gas cannot take certain actions , including seeking bankruptcy court protection , without the consent of dynegy as a preferred stockholder , " dynegy said in a statement . dynegy also said despite canceling its proposed purchase of enron , it still has the right to buy all the common stock of northern natural gas and intends to close that transaction on dec 12 . upon closing , about $ 950 million of northern natural gas debt will remain , it said . enron , which is widely expected to seek bankruptcy protection , contests dynegy ' s claim . " dynegy ' s right to exercise the option is not dependent on enron ' s agreement to our right to terminate the merger , " dynegy said . northern natural gas was formerly part of internorth , which merged with houston natural gas in the mid - 1980 s to form enron , and has been a separate unit for more than 20 years , dynegy said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : update 1 - enron says 1 , 875 mw uk teesside station operating . 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 30 ( reuters ) - the 1 , 875 megawatt teesside gas - fired power station operated by enron was delivering electricity to the national grid as normal , the company said on friday . " at present teesside is operating normally , " a spokeswoman for the group told reuters . enron ' s european trading business was placed in adminstration on thursday , but this did not include the teesside power station , in which enron has a 50 percent stake . britain ' s national grid said it would call on other power generators to increase production if it looked like output from the power station might be cut . " if there were circumstances where there would not be enough marginal spare capacity we would ask generators to increase output , " a spokesman for the national grid told reuters . " it is standard practice , " he said . the troubled u . s . energy group , which boasted revenue of $ 101 billion in 2002 , is on the verge of bankruptcy after surprising off - balance sheet disclosures triggered a share price collapse . the teesside combined cycle gas - fired power station , which came on stream in 1992 , is 50 percent owned by enron with the other 50 percent split between midlands electricity , northern electric , owned by midamerican energy , the u . s . utility controlled by warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway and western power distribution . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : update 1 - innogy may buy enron uk assets at " right price " . 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 30 ( reuters ) - british utility innogy said on friday it would consider buying enron ' s generation and retail assets in britain if the price were right . " we would be interested in both enron ' s share of the teesside power station and enron direct ( a retail arm ) at the right price , " a spokesman at innogy told reuters . enron has a 50 percent share in the 1 , 875 megawatt gas - fired teesside power station in north - east england , an investment which analysts say could be worth about 250 million pounds . analysts said the teesside plant might also attract interest from state - owned electricite de france ( edf ) and dynegy , enron ' s former suitor which pulled out of a rescue bid on wednesday , propelling the group towards collapse . edf said it was too soon comment on the plant , one of the largest gas - fired power stations in europe . " as with every company , we will look closely but it is too early and nothing has been offered yet , " he said . analysts said teesside , which came on stream in 1992 , could be an attractive buy as it has constant income . " teesside has a fairly steady revenue stream thanks to its power purchase agreement , but that is likely to run out in about 2008 so the station ' s prospects after then will be less attractive , " an analyst who declined to be named said . enron direct has about 150 , 000 customers in the small to medium - sized business sector in britain , a market which analysts say shows good revenues and strong margins . " enron direct is likely to be snapped up , " said david kurtz , an analyst at datamonitor , who thought another potential buyer aside from innogy ' s retail arm npower would be powergen . enron ' s european trading operations were placed into adminstration on thursday as its u . s . parent tottered on the brink of collapse , but the teesside plant and enron direct were excluded . " it was the trading operations which were placed into administration because they depended on funds from houston ( enron ' s u . s . headquarters ) . but teesside and enron direct , and several other business have their own revenue streams , " an enron spokesman said . analysts expect all enron ' s european assets , which include power stations in turkey , italy and poland will be sold . other european business outside adminstration include enron credit , enron metals , enron wind , and wessex water . enron credit , the unit which specialised in selling credit insurance to corporates , faces being wound - up with most of the 35 - strong staff leaving the company on friday while britain ' s united utilities has already expressed an interest in acquiring wessex water . ( additional reporting by marguerita choy in paris ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . germany : enron europe delays job cut meeting to 1500 gmt . 11 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . frankfurt , nov 30 ( reuters ) - crisis - hit enron europe has delayed a meeting at which it is expected to announce hundreds of job losses from 1200 gmt until 1500 gmt on friday , said an enron source . " we ' re walking except those who have to stay to help the administrator , " he said . enron europe employs 5 , 400 people , two thousand of whom work in london where the european trading operation is based . the company was put into administration on thursday after its stricken american parent company cut off funding to the european trading division . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fitch : dynegy remains on rating watch negative 11 / 30 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 30 , 2001 - - the long - term credit ratings of dynegy inc . ( dyn ) and dynegy holdings inc . ( dynh ) remain on rating watch negative following dyn ' s announcement nov . 28 , 2001 that it had terminated its agreement to merge with enron , pending clarification or resolution of issues relating to the aborted merger . fitch had placed dyn and dynh on rating watch negative on nov . 9 , 2001 following the announcement that dyn had reached definitive agreement to acquire enron in a stock for stock transaction . the rating action reflected uncertainty over the combined company ' s risk profile . in terminating the agreement , dyn cited enron breaches of representations , warranties , covenants and agreements in the merger agreement , including the material adverse change provision . dyn also exercised its option to acquire the common stock of northern natural gas co . ( nng ) , an enron pipeline subsidiary . as part of the merger agreement , chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , a 27 % stakeholder in dyn , provided a $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion in return for preferred stock in dyn , who in turn made a $ 1 . 5 billion capital contribution structured as a preferred stock investment in nng with the option to purchase a single purpose entity that owns 100 % of nng ' s common stock . fitch believes that dyn ' s exercise of its stock option on nng will be subject to legal challenges . of greater concern , additional litigation revolving around dyn ' s aborted merger appears likely , potentially creating unquantifiable financial liabilities . dyn ratings on negative rating watch are as follows : dynegy inc . - - ` bbb ' implied senior unsecured debt . dynegy holdings inc . - - outstanding ` bbb + ' notes . dynegy capital trust i - - outstanding ` bbb ' trust preferred securities . contact : fitch ralph pellecchia , 212 / 908 - 0586 or glen grabelsky , 212 / 908 - 0577 ( credit policy ) or hugh welton 1 - 212 - 908 - 0746 , new york 09 : 38 est november 30 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: update on wholesale jv auction i ' d like to send the following from greg whalley to north american employees . it is a quick update on the timing of the north american wholesale gas and power business auction . given the number of media reports out there , groups of employees , particularly those in the wholesale business , are asking for some info . before everybody begins to leave for the holidays , we ' d like for them to know what ' s going on with this process . hopefully , by sending this out from greg , we can avoid the longer process of receiving and responding to input from the broader group of legal advisors . i have included everybody , though , and if anybody takes exception to my view , please send me your comments . otherwise , i ' ll ask brian rosen to approve the following for accuracy . once i receive his approval , i ' ll plan to send this out : there have been several media reports regarding the status of our efforts to preserve the value of our north american natural gas and power business . as we ' ve said , we ' d like to form a joint venture with an entity with a strong credit rating so that our trading business can continue to deliver value to our company and our creditors . we ' d like to update you on the timing of the process as we currently see it . this wednesday , december 19 th , we will ask the bankruptcy court to approve bid procedures for potential suitors to follow as they proceed to make offers for a joint venture . if we are successful , we will ask the judge to set a bid deadline of january 7 th , 2002 . additionally , we will continue to try to close a deal prior to january 7 th , which would be subject to competitive bids from other counterparties . the number of counterparties interested in a deal continues to grow . we plan to ask the court to approve the highest and best offer on january 11 th , 2002 . between now and the bid deadline , we will continue to work with all interested parties and assist them in their respective due diligence processes so that they can make the most informed bids . many of our colleagues will be working very hard over the holidays to move this process along and help ensure that our efforts to come out of bankruptcy are successful . please give them your full cooperation and support . 
2	Subject: get medications online and save stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / www . onnliine . com / unsubscribe here : onnliine . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: go hard the cheap ` way new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 79 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 11 : 04 am to : clyatt , julie subject : 
2	Subject: be informed , be prepared pandemic alert 2636 284 th place adel , ia 50003 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: instructions to remove spyware / adware infections this message will inform you on how to remove spyware and adware from your pcs hard drive . please read below carefully : if you , or someone else that uses your pc , have been downloading internet files such as music , games , or movies , then adware and spyware programs may have been added to your computer ' s hard drive without your direct knowledge . to check for any adware or spyware applications press here . there is no cost for this scan : if after completing the complimentary scan it is brought to your attention that your computer ' s hard drive is infected with adware , spyware , or both , then it may be in your computer ' s best interest to remove the adware and spyware applications . click here to begin the scan * * * fact : there are currently over 78 , 000 spyware and adware programs on the internet that can infect your pc . chances are your machine is hosting spyware . here are 9 warning signs you should be aware of , if any of them pertain to you then your pc is most likely infected : press here to read all 9 warning signs adams acres marketing inc 16323 w . abbott rd cairo , ne 68824  
2	Subject: just fyi vince , please see below some of the ideas being bounced , fyi . please keep this confidential . the unused capacity in maharashtra should be dispatched on a merchant basis , on behalf of mseb to any customers outside mseb ' s current purview . i would like us to look at the whole issue as one of mseb ' s poor credit , and hence ( as jeff pointed out on the call ) , one where we need to identify all deep pockets in and out of maharashtra . secondly , there is ( as shubh and i had pointed out ) the ability to evacuate about 700 - 1000 mw to customers other than mseb . the challege is - at what price , and in coordination with which agencies . as always , in india your greatest challenge will be in dealing with govt . agencies . another point to consider is that in - all we have about 5 - 7 customers identified . will all the customers we have earmarked bite ? ? ? this is the reason why systems need to be set up with a bulletin board on pricing 10 - 15 day power on the screens of the different sebs we can connect up with . this also substantially gets around the credit quality issue , as this would be an arrangement akin to cash - and - carry . i see a lot of hope for such a strategy . i do not see much hope for a strategy of selling blocks of power to either ntpc or ptc . i would agree however , that we not put all our eggs in one basket , and hence you could designate a team to look into the ntpc sale issue inparallel . in order to set up the trading sytems , however , we need to start by the end of ql 2001 , and just start doing small deals where we break even , simply to test the waters and introduce liquidity into the market . hand - in - hand with this we need a fuel risk management strategy , as i have been pushing for . for this to happen , we need to get the special import licence reinstated . if that is not possible , we need to lobby with the highest authorities within govt . and rbi to allow for hedging , irrespective of whether we have an sil . the discussions being held with ioc are therefore very important in this regard , and i am going to get anshuman and mukesh involved with the same . finally , i do not see much hope for your strategy of asking ene management for $ 75 million to build transmission lines in a country where the regulatory framework on transmission access is even less defined and understood than the generation side of the equation . i would refrain from stating this in any senior management forum until we are able to clearly demonstrate the cost - benefit of this . i have some ideas on that side which i need to develop further . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: re : support services for ena add christian yoder and carol st clair to list . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 9 : 20 am to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : fw : support services for ena - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 7 : 06 pm to : slone , jeanie ; lavorato , john subject : support services for ena so here ' s how it works . the attached spreadsheet has three master worksheets : ( i ) energy operations ( ii ) it ( iii ) support services all the rest of the worksheets are back up documentation for the rankings . please identify the people on the masters who actually have contracts . thanks louise > 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 11 / 01 ? the extraordinary session is expected to close early next week , after the governor has signed sb 28 x , a power plant siting bill . yesterday , the governor signed bond financing bill sb 31 x . once the extraordinary session is closed , a new extraordinary session is expected to be opened immediately . however , sources report that no one is certain if the bills from this session will have the same numbers in the next session . the legislature reportedly is trying to arrange so that the bills will not have to be heard again in committee . ? the mou still does not have a sponsor . governor davis hopes to reach a deal with sempra for the state to purchase san diego gas and electric ' s transmission assets . he reportedly feels that by having deals in place with socal and sdg & e , enough momentum might be added to push the mou through the legislature . he then could go to the bankruptcy court and propose adding pg & e ' s assets , since he would have two of the three pieces in place . the validity of this logic seems questionable at best . sources are skeptical that adding sdg & e to the mou would increase the chances of the deal going through the legislature . also , the governor has claimed to be close to having a deal with sdg & e for several weeks , but such a deal has not yet been finalized . the governor stated that he will have a sponsor for the mou by next week when the bill will be introduced . the mou might be introduced in the legislature , then amended to indicate a lesser amount for the transmission asset purchase . this still would not assure passage since so many legislators reportedly are against the mou . ? the windfall profits tax bill has not been set for hearing on the assemble floor . ? state legislature , elizabeth hill , published a report earlier this week regarding an analysis of state revenues . the report stated that revenues for this year would be $ 3 . 4 b less that was expected in january 2001 , not including electricity costs . she predicts that ongoing state programs will have to be cut by approximately $ 1 . 7 b . ? moody ' s has put california ' s credit rating under review for another downgrade . sources report that moody ' s , s & p , and mbia have all informed california that " the only way the state will improve its credit rating and look better to investors is to get out of the power business and resolve the undercollected . " 
2	Subject: top quality pills here conference orangutan beep ecuador antipasto ashmolean haulage dalzell cordon hollandaise we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here ibm always satanic abetted rape  
2	Subject: " all the whey " is the right whey . hoodia gordonii natures way of telling you - - - dont eat ! hoodia ( who dee uh ) is a plant used by the san tribesmen of the kalahari desert to stave off hunger and is fed to their children who eat too much . at a recent study trial , a number of overweight people were given unlimited access to food and drink . those who were given pure hoodia gordonii succulent before each meal ate 1 , 000 fewer calories a day than the rest . all the whey offers you a chance to sample hoodia gordonii for yourself . now with any purchase of any all the whey quality product from our website : www . allthewhey . com you will receive a free sample of hoodia gordonii . what can you lose ? maybe those extra pounds ! go to www . allthewhey . com and see what is right for you . while you are there check out our fine line of whey base protein products including lean fit meal replacers . learn more about all the whey brand products at : www . allthewhey . com all the whey protein powder - the best quality and the best value protein . all the whey lean fit is the ideal base for a low calorie , highly nutritious meal . each serving of all the whey lean fit contains 25 to 27 grams of protein and only trace amounts of fat and cholesterol . it is an ideal source of protein for individuals on a high protein - low carb diet such as the atkins diet . in fact , the atkins brand dietary supplements contain whey protein powder as a source of protein . the american heart association recommends you consume no more than 300 mg of cholesterol per day . all the whey lean fit has only 6 mg cholesterol per serving , making it virtually cholesterol free . all the whey lean fit contains a protein fraction known as glycomacropeptide , which is a powerful stimulator of the pancreatic hormone cholecystokinin ( cck ) . cck is an appetite suppressant that plays many essential roles relating to gastrointestinal function , including the regulation of food intake . in addition to being a regulator of food intake , cck stimulates gall bladder contraction and bowel motility ; regulates gastric emptying ; and stimulates the release of enzymes from the pancreas . all the whey lean fit is a very useful and key component in weight management programs . protein has long been known to provide a higher level of satiety versus carbohydrates and may help dieters feel less hungry between meals . the journal of the american dietetic association compared the effects on body weight and composition of two diet plans . one plan included liquid protein meal replacements , and the other followed a more traditional approach . at three months , both groups experienced significant weight loss . after one year , most of the participants in the protein supplement consuming group maintained their initial weight loss while , the traditional group regained most of their weight loss . all the whey lean fit - the best quality and the best value protein . no preservatives all the essential amino acids high in bcaas learn more about all the whey brand products at : www . allthewhey . com all the whey , inc . p . o . box 117 wayne , pa 19087 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: how to get a bigger penls remove 
2	Subject: the probblem solved how to save on your medl prolocutor catlons over 60 % . pharma nettle zmail shop - successfull and proven way to sav tombola e your m bandeaux oney . fertile v a lithesome g methodology l l filament u revisionism l r welshman a untrue cla inelegant isv hatred al aeronavigation m andmanyother . * bes sandstorm t prlces * wor feathered ldwide shlpplng * tota inspissate l confidentiaiity * over 5 miliion cu euphonical stomers have a nice day chipboard ! 
2	Subject: increase mdq for contract 5910 sharon , can you please increase hplc ' s mdq for contract 5910 from 50 , 000 mmbtu ' s to 100 , 000 mmbtu ' s effective december 13 , 2000 ? i believe lauri allen already spoke to you regarding this matter . if any other information is needed please contact me at ext . 3 - 6381 or lauri allen at ext . 3 - 7272 . thank you for your help . 
2	Subject: your meeting at 17 - 00 remove prospectus moorzucchini brew amidstsemitic backup dempseyobvious stafford deitywoodwind tid depressaeneas consecrate averringpastel daffy neater tolerableneural elkhart pliantbuff angiosperm rheniumbrontosaurus unity solenoidhamburg sortie leakageontology broadside allaycreche smithson mercurialsatin vagina aimstigma help disparateoctet beer drawcommendation crash dormitorybibb einsteinian suiteeloise wordy bleekerisocline belmont deatharnold germanic categoryartful conjunct adriftcorroborate fogy yalebidirectional fireplace genteelfinesse mercy mitralcirculatory ascendant ocarinagaberones forsook aspidistrayank festival meaningfuldelay leeds numismaticegalitarian very render waterwaycrosswalk jugging minotname crankcase mutandisbegging minsky systemizationqatar juke tachinidbulrush gnome devoteecarolingian ingredient consequentchlordane  
2	Subject: [ dcms - dev ] my inheritance date : may 16 , 2002 . email : edum @ hkem . com . dear sir , i am mr . eduado de mello , one of the principal commanders of the union for the total independence of angola , unita . well needless telling a very long story here for our story is indeed interwoven with the history of the world and the liberation struggle in the southern african region of the african continent . the bubble burst just about some weeks ago today when my supreme commander , the late dr . jonas savimbi was killed in an encounter with the government forces of the mpla government of my country . the rest is now history but suffice it to say that i am tired of the unfortunate role of waging a war against my fatherland . i have therefore decided to pull out my troupes from the bush even if the other field commanders decide otherwise am therefore poised to effect a new beginning in my life and i have decided to make south africa my new home at least for the interim period until i am sufficiently sure that i would be welcome home whole heartedly by the mpla government in luanda the capital of angola . needles to say i was the single most important commander who was very close to the late supreme commander ; dr . jonas savimbi . indeed because i am a brother to one of his wives , he confided in me a great deal . the result of such trust is my reason for contacting you i was the commander whom he sent to deposit the sum of thirty two million usd ( $ 32 million ) with a security / finance company in south africa . this was immediately after the events of september 11 , 2001 in the united states of america . indeed it had become increasingly difficult to move large volumes of money around the world particularly for a liberation movement like unita hence the recourse to keeping the money with the security company in south africa . i have decided to inherit this money which was taken out and deposited with the said security / finance company as cash in hundred dollar denominations . the money is kept in my signature and would have been used in the purchase of arms and ammunition for the purposes of continuing the civil war in angola . the supreme commander is dead and as already stated i have decided to quite the whole thing and this is without regard to the fact that other commanders may wish to continue ! i want to cooperate with you in my decision to inherit the $ 32 million . i am still in the bush here but i have been able to establish contact with the company in south africa to the effect that i would soon come to take possession of the money that i kept with them . note also that i deposited the money as a foreign national who is the head of a mining company in angola ( never as a commander of unita ) . if you are able to cooperate with me over this am willing to give you 20 % of the $ 32 million . please come back to me through email : edum @ hkem . com . the security / finance company is standing by to receive my instructions on this and i will link you up with them as soon as you are ready to take possession of the $ 32 million . finally you are to note that in you reply , you are to state your residential or company address and if possible send a copy of your international passport so as to assure me that my money is safe in your hands . yours truly , eduado de mello dcms - dev mailing list dcms - dev @ eros . cs . jhu . edu  
2	Subject: warning - your neurological check up expires january 4 th go 0 d pa ! n relief synthesis c _ e _ l - e . b . r * e _ x 200 m . gg 30 p ! lis 145 . oo 6 o pllls 299 . 95 9 o pills 459 . 0 o and lots more : http : / / surge . . com same day shipping s ' t - o . p : http : / / dodge . . com / please see you leslie nixon spelunker samaritan pharmaceutical , las vegas , nv 89109 , united states of america phone : 128 - 118 - 5271 mobile : 977 - 441 - 1535 email : ixmypaemdut @ blarg . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this shareware is a 34 day trial product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for attention and should not be sachs jurassic leakage fogarty cellophane time : wed , 26 jan 2005 05 : 52 : 13 - 0800 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wili significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: entra em www . heartandsoul . pt e ganha entradas party zone 2005 esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para unsubscribe @ heartandsoul . pt com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message with the word " remove " in subject .  
2	Subject: how to acquire and use an international drivers license in a different name - sunrise breadwinner the players guide handbook is probably the most revolutionary ebook to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your government doesn ' t want you to know . already one politician has tried his hardest to silence this ' explosive and dangerous ' book . here ' s why : the secret players guide is probably the most revolutionary book to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your governments don ' t want you to know here ' s a sample of what ' s inside : the quick start guide to offshore banking how to keep all your money open anonymous merchant accounts how to get anonymous visa and mastercard credit cards how to set up discreet mail drops in over 100 countries find anyone anywhererepair your credittelephone calls for free find out how these books can change your life before they are banned ! ! ! if you would prefer not to recieve these messages check here downdraft this ' ll transgressor proliferate pittsburgh ectopic crude propane boolean atlantica swath mailbox nervous ferment bay contravariant pinion featherweight shoal vermeil swastika burch mumble ingrate dell patty screechy boule verbal hertzog challenge stroboscopic stiletto mash bayda concrete abstracter hamal  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012705 . txt 
2	Subject: catch the new low rates hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have been selected for our lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 420 , 000 for as little as $ 400 a month ! ba ( d credit , bank * ruptcy ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obli , gation consultation click below : http : / / www . p 8 refi . net / ? id  a 67 best regards , luisa hendricks to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . p 8 refi . net / book this process takes one week , so please be patient . we do our best to take your email / s off but you have to fill out a rem / ove or else you will continue to recieve email / s .  
2	Subject: vince , i ' ve been out of the office the last few days . as we discussed friday , veronica and i hope you can join us , the stocks and the chaneys ( craig chaney is with enroncredit . com ) for dinner at 7 : 00 friday , april 27 th . directions from research and gosling : go west on research forest turn left the 2 nd time you cross alden bridge ( stop sign after kuykendall , shopping center on right with albertson ' s , exxon ) . go approximately 1 . 4 miles . will pass park and elementary school on left . take next left - noble bend . turn right on the 2 nd street - freestone place . we are # 30 freestone place - the next - to - last home on the right . phone # 281 - 362 - 7267 mike x 39990 
2	Subject: re : the hstoett lady sucklng huge ccok what ' s your pleasure , squire ? kuwo  
2	Subject: global markets monitor we prepared a presentaton on argentina and brazil for your sp trip . michael guerriero said that we should add you to our e - mail list . john lavorato and jim hughes have already been added . i am the director of the sovereign risk and foreign exchange group within enron research under vince kaminski . a few weeks ago gary hickerson asked me to send information to kevin hannon on argentina , brazil , india . korea , turkey and the uk . we ' ve sent excerpts from past global markets monitors ( gmm ) published by maureen raymond castaneda and gwyn koepke from enron research department . i thought it would be helpful to add you to the list of recepients of this weekly publication . please find attached the two most recent issues of the gmm . the purpose of this product is to inform the traders as well as various business units across the corporation on important international economic events and their impact on currency and financial markets . special emphasis is placed on potential central bank policy changes and the impact these changes have on interest rates and currencies . we also emphasize emerging markets countries such as argentina , brazil , india , korea , and turkey . we select countries that have relevant news , a credit rating change or are in the midst of an economic or financial crisis . past issues can be located on our website address http : / / enaresearch . corp . enron . com / research / framework / default . asp we also attached for your convience previous gmm articles from jan . 2000 - aug . 10 , 2001 for brazil and argentina . also attched is an internally distributed e - mail outlining the risks of default and devaluation in argentina . and finally the assumptions behind the brazil curve . if you have any question regarding argentina or brazil or any other countries in which enron has assets , our group can help . i can be reached at x 3 - 0396 in houston . regards , maureen raymond - castaneda - - - - - - - - - inline attachment follows - - - - - - - - - from : to : mujica , mitra date : monday , july 16 , 2001 2 : 13 : 21 gmt subject : fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koepke , gwyn sent : thursday , july 12 , 2001 8 : 52 pm to : hickerson , gary ; shahi , pushkar ; stuart iii , william ; port , david ; gorte , david ; zipter , rudi ; buy , rick ; kaminski , vince j cc : raymond , maureen subject : ena research : argentina default and devaluation risk rises . brazil feels the effects of the contagion date : 12 july 2001 from : maureen raymond - castaneda gwyn koepke we believe that the risk of an argentine debt default has increased and peso devaluation risk has also risen substantially in the last several days . due to recent economic and fiscal developments in argentina , we believe : argentina lacks the fiscal and monetary maneuverability to lift itself out of a 3 - year recession ( exacerbated by a global slowdown ) and a strong peso . argentina ' s fiscal position has weakened substantially due to economic weakness that limits government revenue receipts needed to balance the fiscal deficit and pay off the country ' s debt service . a loss of investor confidence has caused spreads to widen despite argentina ' s need to rollover about $ 8 bn of short - term letes ( argentine government debt ) by the end of the year . yields paid at this week ' s treasury auction are at levels that are not sustainable over the medium - term . three - month treasury yields are 14 . 01 % ( versus 9 . 1 % paid at auction on june 26 and 7 . 89 % on june 12 ) . in addition to suffering from widening yields , argentina was forced to shorten the tenor of debt from a mix of 6 - month and 1 - year bonds issued previously to only 3 - month securities at this week ' s auction due to increased risk aversion to longer - term government paper by local investors ( pension funds and banks ) . the sharp increase in letes yields , and the inability to issue longer maturities , is highly indicative of the difficulty the argentine government will have in rolling over $ 8 bn in short - term paper over the remainder of the year at sustainable rates , which further weakens its fiscal position due to higher interest payments . the recession has been exacerbated by the strong peso caused by the persistently strong us dollar , which has hurt argentina ' s export competitiveness especially vis - a - vis the brazilian real that has depreciated about 25 % relative to the usd since the beginning of the year . as a result to these factors , we believe the risks of argentine debt default and peso devaluation are mounting . argentina is increasingly vulnerable to a run on the banking system . argentines are switching from peso to dollar deposits . argentina ' s limited forex reserves constrain the central bank ' s ability to support the peso , if private sector deposits are withdrawn or converted into u . s . dollars . private sector deposits of $ 74 bn are 33 % peso - denominated , or $ 25 bn , and 67 % are foreign currency - denominated deposits , which dwarf argentina ' s official forex reserves of $ 25 bn . total private sector deposits fell about $ 5 bn ( from $ 77 . 5 bn to $ 72 . 4 bn ) between february and end - april this year before stabilizing at $ 74 bn as of july 6 th . political uncertainty is very high and throws into serious doubt economic minister cavallo ' s ability to win opposition support for a new fiscal austerity program announced late yesterday . cavallo needs to win approval for his fiscal agenda not only at the national level , but also at the provincial level , which will not be easy considering the 3 - year contraction . failure to gain this support to cutback spending will worsen argentina ' s fiscal woes , and cause a further deterioration of investor confidence . these external and internal pressures leave the exchange rate vulnerable to speculative attack and threaten the 1 - to - 1 dollar peg , especially in light of the country ' s limited foreign exchange reserves . today , argentina ' s 1 - month ndf traded at pl . 15 , implying risk of a 15 % devaluation , while yesterday , the 1 - month ndf traded at pl . 05 ( implying an increased probability of devaluation since yesterday ) . also today , the 1 - year ndf traded at 1 . 25 , implying a 25 % devaluation . as a result of these above internal and external pressures , we believe the risk of peso devaluation has increased substantially . the danger of a steep devaluation is that private sector firms that hold dollar - denominated debt and are long pesos and short dollars will suffer from sharply higher debt payments . this could cripple an already tenuous economic situation by causing a further deterioration in government revenue through lower tax receipts . developments in argentina impact brazil through 3 main channels : currency volatility : contagion from argentina has lead to a substantially weaker brazilian real . triggered by a general sell off of argentine stocks , bonds and currency , the real has depreciated 24 % since the beginning of the year to close today at r 2 . 55 . to stem the real ' s recent decline , central bank president fraga hiked interest rates 150 bp and simultaneously intervened in the forex market june 22 , which stemmed the real ' s depreciation for about one week ( see gmm , 29 june ) . recent currency volatility could result in further central bank intervention by drawing on brazil ' s forex reserves . fraga has indicated the central bank will intervene to support the real ' s value . a weak real will also translate into higher inflation expectations in brazil . emerging market credit spreads : argentina represents about 25 % of total emerging market debt traded . current investor concern about argentina has consequently widened emerging market debt spreads . wider spreads put upward pressure on overnight rates in brazil , reducing liquidity and increasing costs of debt service in brazil . trade mechanism : further downward pressure on economic output in brazil ( already aggravated by the drought - induced energy crisis ) brought on by weaker export market growth to argentina . also , the weaker argentine peso would reduce brazil ' s export competitiveness within the mercosur trade bloc . this week ' s gmm will contain more details on the contagion effects on brazil as well as argentina ' s disappointing treasury bill auction , the trend in private sector deposits , cavallo ' s new fiscal measures to cut spending , argentina ' s heightened political risk associated with the need for fiscal austerity amid concerns over provincial political support and s & p ' s debt downgrade to " b - " , which is one notch below moody ' s rating of " b 2 " . the link to the gmm website is : http : / / enaresearch . corp . enron . com / research / framework / default . asp , pull down sovereign and fx risk , global markets monitor . recent issues of gmm with coverage on argentina and brazil : gmm , 29 june - - - - - - - - - - brazil ' s copom intervenes in the forex market to stem real ' s decline and bolsters reserves to defend currency in future gmm , 22 june - - - - - - - - - - argentina introduces new exchange rate system for traded sector . impact on the peso discussed . gmm , 15 june - - - - - - - - - - brazil ' s energy crisis and its impact on the growth outlook gmm , 8 june - - - - - - - - - - - - argentina completes its successful debt swap gmm , 8 june - - - - - - - - - - - - brazil energy rationing mandate and its impact on output of key brazilian commodities 
2	Subject: christmas baskets kevin : i do not know who half of these people are ! my list would be : move team susan kennedy and judy schlesinger ( order all of our subscriptions ) demonica lipscomb ( video scheduling - should include stuart ) dave delainey mail room help desk ( our tech is : doug doring ) facilities help desk ( don ' t know who ) marriott ( trina - she takes care of all the lunches we order ) i don ' t think we need to give the ozarka guy one , we have several who deliver down here , it is not always the same one . vince probably has more , i will let you know . thanks ! shirley kevin g moore 11 / 03 / 2000 12 : 00 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new listing goodmorning everyone , last year we did quite a bit of christmas baskets , during the time we were in the process of another major move . we are currently settled on all floors now , therefore our christmas basket list will be cut more than half . here are a list of the names that received baskets last year . matt rodgers chris hyde darren prager charlie notis harvey freese jon davis maryam golnarghi delores sustaita rodney keys iain russell trina williams todd butler pamela ford facilities robert knight phillip randle mary martinez daniel hornbuckle ( ozarka ) guy move - team greg whalley richard weeks mary sue rose there are several names boldly printed that probably will not receive the baskets this year . the christmas season is approaching therefore we must start preparing . please note that i will be out on vacation dec 13 th - 18 th , if possible i would like your list of names before my vacation begins whereby all baskets can arrive at their destinations on time . thanks kevin moore please any comments , question , answers - feel free to call x 34710 
2	Subject: home is where the heart is your application has been pre - approved on tuesday , october 19 th 2004 . your mrtg process is ready for rates starting at 2 . 75 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . http : / / jyz . xolwed . com / azwme from , fidel pritchard http : / / mp . xolwed . com  
2	Subject: pre approved : mrtg application tue , 23 nov 2004 10 : 25 : 00 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , bradley read for email removal , go here . beware minus cloud cowry accumulate busch didn ' t bogy debug wellington confect conclusion birdbath biggs nuisance convict dreamy asymmetrydistal cattlemen papyri antacid moldboard canberra mexican humerus aeschylus lockwood bellman jewelry bunt dominate best snowy memphis dyeinglongtime firsthand francis andrea sophia politicking sunspot benefit mutate confidential barr lightproof flexure rowboat cobble strident grandniece acsfovea disneyland karachi qed wingman albumin clitoris puffin eightieth drone roberta siena mekong lengthy cooke unitary tyrannicide creptclap bernard cathodic convert continuo diary extoller fickle overhang range cucumber bulky bookshelves betrayal talisman 
2	Subject: primary source of oem microsoft software look no further ! opt - in email offer for october 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . caldwell computation concurrent boris doff emit faculty resurrect segovia annoy gadolinium entrepreneur sluice horn siltation moderate nautilus gargantuan brenda derivate gainesville armstrong alexis fuchs downpour befit arithmetic bustle barbell culminate despair 
2	Subject: met office presentation . . . vince - just fyi to keep you informed on our ews european effort . . . steve is doing a good job taking the bull by the horns , i asked him to rapidly build a client base and associated support system looking good ! - mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen bennett @ enron 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 10 am to : annette harris / lon / ect @ ect cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron subject : met office presentation . . . annette . . . we just wanted to drop you a quick line to thank you for the invitation to the uk met presentation today ! tony and i are currently trying to get a grasp of what the traders here require in the way of weather information and are building a support structure for them . as such - we will need to have close ties with the uk met office as well as other data providers . the information presented today was very helpful . we ' d like to take a little time to sit down with you - and / or some of the other participants whose markets are weather driven . we ' d like to get a feel for what data is already streaming in - and then get an idea as to how we can utilize and supplement that data for the europe markets . we have a model created in houston to start from - but we want to make sure to tailor to the needs of the traders here . would you like to take some time to sit down and chat ? perhaps tony and i can take you and some others out to lunch - or for an afternoon coffee ? thanks for your help . . . stephen bennett senior meteorologist enron research in london : april 7 - 27 : ext - 34761 tony hamilton meteorology manager enron research ext . 3 - 2523 
2	Subject: new services customer - desert power group , just wanted to let you know we have a new generator coming on line , desert power . they have 2 units totaling 65 mw , located in utah , and they are in pacificorp ' s service territory . please remember they are in mountain time , so please be careful when speaking with them ( try to always speak in " hour ending _ mountain time ) . they are running this afternoon , wednesday , 8 / 15 , for the first time . for the first week or so they will be " working the kinks out " in the real - time market . the easiest thing to do would be to either sell them directly to pacificorp , or to buy a wheel from pace to four corners 345 ( or another point of delivery via pacificorp ' s oasis web - site ) . the contract language is set up to where we get 1 $ / mwh for dispatching the unit , plus an incentive to sell them above a certain percentage of the dow jones pv day - ahead index . so , during the testing phase , please just take 1 $ / mwh when you ' re selling the unit output . if you have any questions , mike etringer was the guy who put this deal together , les is also familiar with the deal , as am i ( to a smaller extent ) . thanks for your help , stan 
2	Subject: more confidence , more women - get a larger cock onll + rc visit our store to see the catelog current specials . . . lo x vlgr ( manhood )  7 o 2 o x roc ( relaxation )  7 o lo x lvlr ( stamina )  7 o 3 o x rocl ( anti - baldness )  9 o lo x cllls ( size lncrease )  9 o see the catelog - secret orders - fdapproved - fast delivery  
2	Subject: pac enrollment last year the enron political action committee ( pac ) launched a campaign to become a " million dollar pac " . enron employees , who provide all of the funding for the pac , responded and the enron pac reached its objective , becoming one of the largest corporate pacs . this year we face a new challenge . with the sale of eog , the announced sale of pge and normal employee turnover , we have lost a significant number of consistent contributors . we are seeking your support . if you are not a member , please join . if you are a member , we hope you will consider increasing your contribution . the enron pac is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public policy . our pac funds support local , state and federal candidates , of both parties , who support open markets , deregulation and customer choice . amounts contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the federal election campaign act . while our pac has grown thanks to our employee contributions , it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of those who oppose these ideals . this year , as always , we face challenges and opportunities for every one of our businesses , including such issues as taxation and regulation of e - commerce , electric industry restructuring , regulation of derivatives , international trade and investment legislation , pipeline safety , local and state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and a variety of environmental and tax issues . enron has a long and successful track record of supporting and advancing good public policy . that track record depends on access to and regular communication with , decision makers . the pac provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care about what they are doing . one of the best things about enron is that we don  , t just take things as they are . we challenge the status quo . we ask why . we change things . the pac helps us do that . we need you to help the pac . sign up today - and please consider the following contribution guidelines : manager $ 500 / year director $ 750 / year sr . director / general manager $ 1 , 000 / year vice president $ 2 , 500 / year sr . vp / managing director $ 3 , 500 / year executive committee $ 5 , 000 / year all contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions . you are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their contribution or their decision not to contribute . you may refuse to contribute without fear of reprisal . only u . s . citizens and resident - aliens living in the u . s . can contribute to the enron pac . the maximum contribution is $ 5 , 000 per year per individual . an individual may not contribute more than $ 25 , 000 to all federal candidates and committees within a calendar year . the law requires that enron report name , address , employer and occupation for every person who contributes over $ 200 / year . no portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for federal income tax purposes . thanks for your support ! sign up now , or revise your current contribution level by connecting with the pac intranet site : http : / / pacmembers . enron . com 
2	Subject: stimulatingly eighteen girls unqualify hardcore very young highway girls porn on caprylyl video no well - informed person ever imputed inconsistency to another for changing his mind . in all chaos there is a cosmos , in all disorder a secret order . yes we like antithyroid their pink pussies suppliancy too . and we dakota fuck them brutally in cuadra every hole . americans usually believe that nothing is impossible . just look at about preview . i do not lies now faith is building on what you know is here , so you can reach what you know is there . i never let them cough . they wouldn ' t dare . 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , paulene madden 
2	Subject: fw : [ 6 ] investor alert : stock alert tttp tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp stock finder newsletter wants to inform aggressive investors of a company that we feel is extremely undervalued and poised for growth 12 to 20 plus inc ( otcbb : tttp ) fiscal year end : dec 3152 week high : $ . 25 shares outstanding : 30 millionshares in the public float : 4 million target price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 80 target price in next 10 days : $ 0 . 92 the company 12 to 20 plus , inc . ( otcbb : tttp ) is a late stage development company that produces and markets ( through its neurochemical research group division ) highly effective condition - specific supplements , often referred to as neutraceuticals . the products manufactured by fda - approved labs , contain a sophisticated combination of extensively researched nutritional elements and do not contain herbs . retail sales in the explosive dietary supplement market are expected to hit $ 40 billion by the year 2007 , according to frost sullivan reports . marketing research , product development , beta testing and various mergers and acquisitions in 2003 , has now positioned 12 to 20 plus ( tttp ) to roll out its full product line consisting of 7 products of which they have their own proprietary formula , into the multi - billion dollar over the counter ( otc ) market . 12 to 20 plus is ready to capitalize on its exceptional product line . key facts about 12 to 20 plus inc - they have introduced 9 products to the market that the company owns the proprietary rights to , products that have been produced in fda approved labs . - one of their products anaplex ( antidepressant ) is currently being sold anddistributed in longs drug stores , one of america ' s leading drug stores with over 400 stores - the company is negotiating deals with two major distributors in europe for their healthcare products . - they are currently in process of attempting to market one their newest products a revolutionary re - hydration product to the u . s military and to allied forces overseas . the industry the neutraceutical sector has experienced some great growth over the past five years , being capped off in 2002 when revenues for the global nutrition markets hit $ 160 billion . united states took responsibility for about 1 / 3 of that , with $ 56 . 5 billion , 18 . 5 coming from the nutrition markets , $ 19 . 8 from functional foods , and $ 4 . 4 billion from personal care products . it ' s safe to say that globally we are looking for new ways to live healthier and longer lives , and that pharmaceutical remedies could quickly be a thing of the past . it ' s estimated that 95 % of medical doctors ` practices entail writing pharmaceutical prescriptions and that 50 % of these prescriptions are to treat the side effects of medications being utilized to treat the specific ailment . people are no longer neglecting the facts that what they are putting into their bodies , may not be good for them , medicinal foods or " nutritionally high powered foods " have been in the natural products industry for a long time and through emerging scientific research the public interest has the reached the mainstream . it seems as though everywhere you look these days the talk is on dieting whether it be the low carbohydrate / high protein atkins diet , the zone diet , or any of the other millions of options we have , the world is concerned with weight . according to the american obesity association , of adults over the age of 20 in the united states 127 million are overweight , 60 million are obese , and 9 million are severely obese . obesity increases the risk of illness from 30 serious medical conditions . this fact is forcing many of the snack food and soft drink companies to come up with new healthier products that meet the taste standards of today ' s consumers . comparable companies in this sector - usana health sciences inc ( nasdaq : usna ) current price $ 27 . 39 - nutraceutical international corp ( nasdaq : nutr ) current price $ 25 . 97 - vital living inc ( otcbb : vtlv ) current price $ . 68 dis . claimer this contains forward - lo 0 king statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " explode " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . the information in the above statement could not be 100 % accurate and the newsletter is not responsible for this . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . this newsletter was paid $ 3000 in cash by third - - party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advertisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . void where prohibited . the owners of this publication or their partners may already own free trading shares in tttp and may immediately sell all or a the time this date stated and are subject to change without notice . 
2	Subject: txu deal # 108672 could you add meter pge - ls 491 - 754 to txu fuel deal # 108672 for may 12 , 2000 in sitara ? txu received 2 , 000 mmbtu on that day as part of the gas daily contract , however , the volume is pathed under the wagner brown contract due to the meter . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , rebecca 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? equal medicine - bit ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ty monetary value ! ?  solicit drugs straight from food and drug administration accepted producer in bharat . safe up to 70 % on indian narcotics . our site  
2	Subject: wc 534 revision effective 6 / 7 / 00 ( stingray p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 06 / 2000 10 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 06 / 2000 10 : 16 : 58 am to : , cc : subject : wc 534 revision effective 6 / 7 / 00 ( stingray p / l ) please see the attached change to west cameron 534 to be effective 6 / 7 / 00 . thanks , steve - wc 534 reveffo 60700 . xls 
2	Subject: re : vacation vince : i just found out that it is friday , april 7 and not friday , march 31 st that i want to take for vacation . is this alright ? thanks ! shirley vince j kaminski 03 / 08 / 2000 06 : 18 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 08 / 2000 03 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron subject : vacation vince : i would like to take the following days as vacation : wednesday , march 15 th friday , march 31 st . please let me know if this is ok with you . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: visiting enron may 4 th christie , fyi . a message i received from stanford . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu subject : visiting enron may 4 th dear vince , this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us on may 4 th . i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to meet with christie patrick as well . looking forward to meeting you , susan at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > susan , > > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the > 4 th . > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to > set up the meeting . > > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to > coordinate enron ' s > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is > christie patrick . > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall > coordinate the meeting > on may the 4 th with her . > > vince > > > additional information re christie : > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 > > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com > > > > > > " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : visit from stanford ? > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . > > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip > planning . > > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best > points of contact . > > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , > > sincerely , > susan hansen > > > > > susan c . hansen > director , corporate relations > school of engineering > stanford university > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: catv meaty cretin whirligig lorelei baptismal oscillate beaver brenda staunton heresy maroon rio coventry sexual crummy transalpine acme loose prison cranky cobra guile edgy stephanie premature tutu cia satire alia animadversion hire simplicial auric digression sunbonnet hurtle angstrom cap probabilist sanicle doublet industrial bootlegger illusive embarrass reek neuroanatomy suspend cartesian atlantic handel adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 - $ 80 quark express 6 . 0 - $ 60 norton antivirus professional 2004 - $ 15 more titles available software on the net grab your copy no schroedinger donate stack corralled bowman compulsory chock catcall physiotherapist neglecter pacifism embark slaughterhouse 
2	Subject: tri - c resources , governor bill daniel # 1 , liberty co . , tx , julie , cokinos / tri - c has elected to price their production for the month of february 2001 as follows : 4 , 000 / d , 97 % if / hsc all production in excess of 4 , 000 / d priced 97 % gas daily please correct the pricing for sitara ticket # 377169 accordingly . thank you , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 01 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron subject : tri - c resources , governor bill daniel # 1 , liberty co . , tx , melissa , chris cokinos called and for february , he wants to lock in 4 , 000 at first of the month index and the remainder at gas daily on the governor bill daniel # 1 contract . please have the sitara deal updated and notify chris via e - mail at ccokinos @ compuserve . com . thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 09 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shawna flynn on 06 / 28 / 2000 01 : 42 pm sent by : becky tlucek to : jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cokinos cokinos document attached per shawna flynn . 
2	Subject: delainey and i started initial discussions reguarding ees and the customers and products they plan to market . these were initial discussions . dave is writing something up to send to me . before i agree on anything i will talk to all of you . some of the meeting that are happening may be a little premature . john 
2	Subject: information update number - 565 we tried to contact you earlier about financing your home at a lower rate . we would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the approval process , here are the results : * negotiable amount : $ 80 , 000 - $ 550 , 000 * rate : 4 . 87 % - 5 . 36 % please fill out this form and a broker will contact you soon . processing form best regards , alex schill , account manager - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - no future contact : no thanks  
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - tuesday , january 13 , 2004 tuesday , january 13 , 2004 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . ravenswood acquisition marks resolute ' s homecoming resolute mining is to buy the 200 , 000 ounce per annum ravenswood gold project in queensland from xstrata for us $ 45 million in a deal which heralds a return to home soil for the african - focussed gold miner . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story wheaton sees output jumping to 900 , 000 ozpa canada ' s wheaton river minerals expects production to rise to 900 , 000 gold equivalent ounces at a cash cost of less than us $ 140 / oz in 2006 after yesterday announcing the completion of its acquisition of the amapari gold project in brazil . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story midas to begin fortitude campaign midas resources will begin a 2500 m rab drilling campaign at its fortitude prospect in western australia this week , with rc drilling to follow next month . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story second rig set to arrive at sub - sahara ' s debarwa project sub - sahara says drilling of its high grade debarwa copper - gold project in eritrea is underway and that a second rig is due to arrive before the end of the month . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story fox sees room for radio hill upgrade fox resources may be able to further increase the mineable orebody at its radio hill project in western australia based on the belief that dolerite dykes found at the project may not have truncated , or removed , the massive nickel sulphide mineralisation as was previously thought . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story new transport security act could hit miners kpmg has warned businesses that rely on the shipping of bulk commodities need to be aware of the risk to their delivery plans if their shipping or port contractors - or in some cases the business itself - have not lodged their security assessments and plans by march 1 . . . ( 13 january 2004 ) full story strong prices boost dairi numbers strong base metal prices have significantly enhanced the economics of the dairi zinc - lead project in indonesia owned by herald resources . . . ( 12 january 2004 ) full story westonia resource breaks lmoz the gold resource at the westonia project west of kalgoorlie has passed the 1 million ounce mark with westonia mines now aiming to have a pit optimisation and reserve estimate completed by the end of the month . . . ( 12 january 2004 ) full story hillgrove options south australian copper - gold ground hillgrove gold has entered into an option agreement over 477 sq . km of copper - gold ground in the moonta - walleroo copper - gold region of south australia . . . ( 12 january 2004 ) full story goldstream eyes anglo ' s exploration assets goldstream mining expects to conclude a deal with anglo american in the next 90 days relating to the major ' s large portfolio of nickel sulphide exploration targets in australia and the sub - continent . . . ( 12 january 2004 ) full story aker kvaerner wins brazil contracta consortium including aker kvaerner has won a us $ 1 . 7 million contract to provide program management support services for a second expansion of the alumina production facility owned by brazilian firm alunorte . . . . full story lift boosts access optionsaustralian company monitor industries says its new omme tracked - drive lifts offer the best confined - space access of any self - propelled boom lift available in the country . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today commodities due diligence exploration general ipos mining events moves mst features resourcestocks commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ primex expo 2004 ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants ) ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators show all events  
2	Subject: 90 % discounts on microsoft , adobe , autodesk , corel software ! dqykaa oe kkosyk zk microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ 50 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 50 you save : $ 220 benefice division adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our low price : $ 60 you save : $ 550 jacqueline canonic microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ 100 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our low price : $ 100 you save : $ 480 spongy phipps microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 retail price : $ 266 . 99 our low price : $ 50 you save : $ 216 . 99 dame polyphony adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 404 . 99 our low price : $ 60 you save : $ 445 revision bridal adobe illustrator 10 $ 80 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 80 you save : $ 190 sprain bimini geiger reich rusk euclidean botfly ripen charge haphazard feverish andrea janitorial categoric chuckle policemen 
2	Subject: special assets - - enron executive services for several months we have been working on an idea to exploit the staff and experience we have in special assets to develop a fee - for - service " executive services " business . the key idea is to participate in potentially rewarding companies and projects without commitment of enron ' s investment capital . i believe that this would be a logical extension in applying the skills and management approach we already are taking with our own portfolio . as part of some initial feasibility evaluations , we recently have had discussions with bill gartland , a houston entrepreneur , with extensive contacts with national and provincial governmental development agencies in spain . gartland is seeking management and financial expertise to promote industrial , commercial and real estate projects in spain . among other things , he presently lacks the professional skills to evaluate and package projects for presentation to sophisticated capital providers in the united states and europe . in addition to checking personal and business references , we had rick carson ' s group perform a due diligence review of mr . gartland . his background and reputation are clean . through gartland ' s contacts we have been invited to meet with representatives with the sociedad estatal de participaciones indrustriales ( sepi ) , the spanish state - owned holding company for business development . in addition , we will meet with representatives of instituto de fomento ( info ) , the regional government of murcia ' s business development group . info has agreed to fund all of our incountry expenses while in murcia on this initial visit . in order to take advantage of this opportunity we have accelerated our plans to test the market for the types of services we envisage providing and are scheduled to meet with sepi , info and other contacts in spain the week of june 11 th . unfortunately , with the tight schedule we could not arrange a general meeting to cover the concept of enron executive services ( enronexec ) . however , we have prepared an informal presentation as a briefing prior to next week ' s trip . i would stress the following points : these initial meetings are informational and relationship focused . no commitments will be made next week . one of the key principles of enronexec is that we are not a source of capital . among the services we offer will be analysis of capital needs and preparation of business and / or project plans for presentation to capital providers . activities contemplated for enronexec will complement the normal workload of special assets . there will be no reduction in our efforts to achieve our primary business objectives for the team . the expenses to evaluate the potential and , if viable , to startup the activity are modest and are consistent with our approved 2001 expense plan . our eventual objective to fund enronexec is to structure cash fees at least sufficient to cover staff time and out - of - pocket costs . we will look to acquire significant equity participation that would offer the attractive potential value upside . as a byproduct benefit through contacts with various businesses , we may identify new synergies and opportunities for other enron businesses . i am very enthusiastic on enronexec . it appears that it may be a way to leverage enron ' s unique resources and strengths into a profitable enterprise that does not require separate capital . i would appreciate your comments and questions . 
2	Subject: do you know how much you can pocket after purchasing tablets at our store ? if you would like to have quality dr . prescribed remedies at economical prices , select our store for quick and legitimate eshopping . , we provide customers quality rxmedictions on pain , distress , external reproductive organ dysfunction , sleeping disorder , raised cholesterol levels , diabetes , stress and other dysfunctions . http : / / jqdq . xlkk . checkcybe rshelf . com / di / select our company for timely and reliable shipment . it is such a relaxing shopping environment . all the items are special priced . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michel @ fmg . com [ mailto : kurtis @ m . com ] sent : thursday , march 5 , 2005 6 : 52 pm to : gary ; austin @ rcc . com ; ; grant ; oliver subject : catch this chance to reduce expenses and have your case profile checked by licensed experts for nil . it is easy for me to place the or - der at your site though i am not very good at using computers . shopping for rxdrugs at your site has provided me with a lot of extra bucks and time . thank you for your great recommendations . - - phil w . in nd we heard every thing . " y , somethi " oh ! yes , my d tyrs of genius , wandered alo ogs day by day till there were none left to croak upon ng thethorny road e th 1 the lake . a 35 but ng elevating , great and good , and he  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at host 334 . ipowerweb . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : vdeliver : invalid or unknown virtual user ' antonio _ schiavon ' - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 75462 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 56 : 59 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 61 . 77 . 34 . 140 ) by host 334 . ipowerweb . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 56 : 59 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516375 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antonio _ schiavon @ davkar . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: caiso notification - ct 1487 - energy exchange program neutrality adjustment energy exchange program neutrality adjustment charge type 1487 sc settlement contacts : background as you may know , the energy exchange program began on trade date 11 / 14 / 2000 . in this program the iso obtained needed energy in for the real time market and , rather that paying for the energy as a purchase , later returned the energy in another period . this was not necessarily a one - for - one exchange . the incoming energy created a positive neutrality adjustment and when the energy was returned , a negative neutrality adjustment ensued . since the incoming and outgoing energy were usually valued differently , there was a cost shift associated with the transaction that was not cash neutral to the iso . the iso created charge type 1487 was developed for the allocation of the cost to scs participating in the market during the incoming schedules notification the iso has created charge type 1487 so that whenever an energy exchange account is closed or reaches a zero balance , the incurred costs will be calculated and allocated to the sc ' s based on their total negative uninstructed energy over those intervals in which the incoming schedules took place . this new charge type will appear beginning on the june 30 , 2001 statements which will be published on august 23 , 2001 . in addition a few accounts reached a zero balance as early as december , 2000 and therefore allocations may or may not appear on your statement with the rerun data . ct 1487 is a semi automated charge , meaning that the collection of energy data is automated , but it will be a manual charge type within the manual line item records and will not require a change to your settlement system . note that this charge will not appear on every statement , but only when an energy exchange account is closed or reaches a zero balance . if you have any questions , please contact your client relations account manager . client relations communication crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: software update alert - january 7 th great sale off ! ce x * p pro 2002 : 6 o doilars we also have : - ms sql server 2 ooo enterprise edltion - adobe illustrator 10 - windows 2 ooo advanced server get ! t now the offer is va | ! d unt | | | february 19 th stock is limited update your info amos shelton scientist cayla , 31405 toulouse cedex 4 , france phone : 755 - 132 - 1661 mobile : 174 - 161 - 1111 email : qzgod @ c 4 . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 79 year definite package notes : the contents of this message is for usage and should not be kava brick allemand jamboree chicago time : mon , 14 feb 2005 05 : 15 : 18 - 0800 
2	Subject: weather and energy price data elena , please , prepare for mulong ng and power price series . we can use henry hub for ng , cinergy , cobb and pv for electricity . we can send him ng price right away . electricity prices are different : he has to obtain permission from ft ( megawatts daily ) . i shall cc you on my msg to him . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 02 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : richard macminn subject : weather and energy price data dear dr . kaminski : i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on the weather derivatives and credit derivatives . could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ? the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you please offer me some energy price data during that time period ? your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day ! mulong 
2	Subject: re : kiodex anne - - dave forster has recently assumed respnsibility for all things enrononline . please forward this information to him and i will make sure he has all the background . thanks , brad 
2	Subject: re : contract 1 - number of questiojns on this . answer is you would get severence and their plan is quite generous ( presuming rif rather than performance reasomn for separation ) . i ' ll get you details . 2 - no msa contains a release from enron to ubs and ee ' s who " are hired " by ubs . 3 - true . can talk about 1 more if needed . david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . to : kitchen , louise ; oxley , david sent : sat jan 19 20 : 10 : 20 2002 subject : contract louise and david , couple of comments on the contract : - if i am terminated w / o cause , either the non - compete / non - solicit provision shall not apply or i should be paid a severance . as i see it , the bonus payments and incentive awards are current incentive to be part of ubs and can not be considered severance in the event of termination w / o cause . my preference is to be released from the non - compete / non - solicit provisions . if ubs prefers severance , it should be a total payout of the contract : the existing payments and equity , base salary and anticipated bonus ( 1 % of pro - forma bonus pool ) . - doesn ' t enron need to sign this as well or at least have a side letter that addresses the references to enron ? - two people have asked about accelerating the payout date so that the first payment is at closing , the second is 6 months from now and the equity vests at 12 months and then 18 months . i would like to tell them that no one is getting that - true ? regards , chris 
2	Subject: cell phone weather service for outdoorsmen font - size : 12 px ; padding : 5 px " > free trial : start your 14 day free trial now ! locks in your discount ! - or - subscribe now : start your discounted full subscription right away ! hear an alert : listen to an mp 3 example of a tornado alert on your pc speakers ! more information : go to the weatherwave website for more info . get weatherwave now ! provides fast , pinpoint weather alerts delivered to your cell phone as computer - generated voice calls works on every type of cell phone provides toll - free inquiry of weather for all u . s . cities ( and for coastal boaters , all u . s . marine zones and all buoys ) recipient of outstanding reviews in sail magazine , power motoryacht , boatu . s . magazine and bassmaster magazine the land service is ideal for campers , hikers , hunters and fresh water boaters and fishermen the marine service includes all land service features , and is ideal for coastal and great lakes boaters and fishermen weatherwave , inc . 11654 plaza american dr . # 748 reston , va 20190 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: april , aspect volume @ texas city for april 1 , 2000 : cross media 989815  903 mmbtu tnct 989816  5878 mmbtu any questions , just call . thanks , charlotte hawkins 
2	Subject: fw : minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12 fyi - - just so you can see what went on this week , when you return . beth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : philipson , fred sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 1 : 57 pm to : apollo , beth ; neuner , dale ; thomas , sheri ; ' jdenny @ enron . com ' cc : scribner , james ; jafry , rahil subject : minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12 all : here ' s a summary of our meeting this morning . as we begin to lay the groundwork for this project , i think it ' s important to summarize our thoughts and activities in writing . if any of you have comments or corrections , please feel free . thanks , fred philipson 5 - 9323 minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12 attending : james scribner trans support sheri thomas trans support beth apollo trans support dale neuner trans support jennifer de boisblanc trans support fred philipson enw origination objective enron is sizing up the opportunity to offer internal back office processing services to external clients . objective of this meeting was to understand the spreadsheet meant to estimate the potential p & l for this offering . overview looked at spreadsheet for validation : ? need to better determine the actual market for this service . ? need to better understand the current revenue and expense projections and assumptions , expanding on them to include customers not currently with enron . ongoing : defining the size of the market : ? there may be three  + levels  , of markets for these services - one for energy risk mgt . ops ( attack first ) , a larger market if we include global market offerings , and yet a larger market if we think of our offering as transaction processing , ala adp . ? there are a number of ways to derive the potential market size . the current spreadsheet identifies existing customers . some may be seeking our services based on their current and projected deal volumes . ? fred will continue to analyze the market size ( s ) , adding customers outside of current eol spectrum . ? fred will analyze the offerings and pricing structures used by competitors . ? sheri will get with internal data owners to ( in ) validate current spreadsheet numbers and identify customers with high year - over - year increases in eol transaction volume . expenses ? james will take a harder look at the expenses . we wonder if number of transactions is the best method to use . what is the real cost driver ? where are the  + breaking points  , , or transaction levels where we must invest further to offer services to additional customers ? strategy ? beth apollo will schedule a meeting with beth perlman , jenny rub , rahil , et al to discuss ongoing big picture . ? beth will also schedule a meeting with mark taylor , to include rahil and dale . they will discuss points on the service level agreement that we will use with our external customers . 
2	Subject: vlagrra sscores ! how to save on your medlcatio limelight ns over 70 % . nunbird pharmshop - successfull and proven way to save flinch your mone castle y . punctured v a successful g a backpay l drowse lu tuberous l r rumormongering a copyhold cl i easter sva conjugality l morale m andmanyother . bes towncouncillor t prlces . worldwide tillage shlpplng . easy o fallen rder form . total confid fining entiaiity . 250 , 000 sa inheritress tisfied customers . order today and sa etruscan ve ! 
2	Subject:  a permanent fix to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back - - - - > visit us to learn more no thanks  
2	Subject: trade counts - nov 6 trade counts by 4 : 00 pm since october 1 : trade date trade cnt 11 / 6 / 2001 6283 11 / 5 / 2001 6523 11 / 4 / 2001 37 11 / 3 / 2001 59 11 / 2 / 2001 5853 11 / 1 / 2001 6575 10 / 31 / 2001 7141 10 / 30 / 2001 5761 10 / 29 / 2001 7152 10 / 28 / 2001 8 10 / 27 / 2001 12 10 / 26 / 2001 6792 10 / 25 / 2001 8405 10 / 24 / 2001 8001 10 / 23 / 2001 8567 10 / 22 / 2001 7916 10 / 21 / 2001 34 10 / 20 / 2001 4 10 / 19 / 2001 7988 10 / 18 / 2001 7654 10 / 17 / 2001 7425 10 / 16 / 2001 7155 10 / 15 / 2001 5428 10 / 14 / 2001 19 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 12 / 2001 6107 10 / 11 / 2001 5950 10 / 10 / 2001 6261 10 / 9 / 2001 5280 10 / 8 / 2001 5117 10 / 7 / 2001 53 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 5 / 2001 5854 10 / 4 / 2001 6487 10 / 3 / 2001 5953 10 / 2 / 2001 5405 10 / 1 / 2001 5245 counterparty data is in the spreadsheet : - - jay 
2	Subject: gq magazine : do you need someone to love goodbye bernet canalbeefsteak concord employedstuff ballfield sprueborrow drugstore bendixtail california ducatbrian clubhouse mantelevocation frivolous growthbijective elmsford defrayparticulate administrate middlemancarthaginian 
2	Subject: associates prc meeting we have a new date - monday , july 24 th beginning at 9 : 00 am . i will contact your supervisors after the prc meeting to let them know the final results . your supervisor will give your performance review and will be able to summarize the feedback received through the pep system during the review . thanks for providing your resumes . i will feel more informed during the process . 
2	Subject: regretful of having little diccky ? hahha gaol lomotil centuriate cialaprenn the world most effecctiive male enhaancement pill 100 % . naturaal botanicals gathered from every corner of the world , only 2 pill daily increase the length of your p . e . . ni . s by 2 - 5 full inches thicken ur p . e . . ni . s and make it much fuller & harder - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - we ship to all countries - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - here is what you can expect from taking cialaprenn : week 1 - 3 : your p . e . . ni . s will experience greater and loongeer lasting er - e - c - - tion and a noticeable increase in thickness week 4 - 8 : your p . e . . ni . s will have grown in lenngth and will possess much more thickness in both er - e - c - - t and flaccid states week 9 + : your p . e . . ni . s will have taken on a new body , not just longer and thicker , but much harder & healthier boost ur confidence level & self - esteem screw ur lover like never before cliick - - here to get cialaprenn no more  
2	Subject: re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group vince , thanks for the update . i ' m looking forward to meeting you too . shijie shi - jie deng assistant professor school of isye georgia institute of technology office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng on thu , 27 jul 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > shijie , > > we would like you to meet tomorrow morning , starting at 9 : 00 , with a few > members of the > group . around 11 : 15 we shall go to lunch ( myself , stinson gibner and zimin > lu ) . > at 1 : 00 we would like you to make a presentation to the research group on > the topic > of your choice . after 2 : 30 we shall continue with individual meetings . > > we shall give you an agenda with the names and times when you arrive . > > you can come to the lobby of the enron building ( 1400 smith ) > between 8 : 30 and 9 : 00 and call me ( 3 - 3848 ) or my assistant , > shirley crenshaw ( 3 - 5290 ) , to be admitted to the building . > we are on the 19 th floor . > > look forward to meeting you . > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > shijie deng on 07 / 27 / 2000 10 : 10 : 03 am > > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com > cc : vince kaminski > subject : re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group > > > > hi shirley , > > an overhead would be good . thanks . > btw , is there happen to be an agenda for my visit ? thank you . > > shijie > > shi - jie deng > assistant professor > school of isye > georgia institute of technology > > office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 > e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu > home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng > > on fri , 7 jul 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > shijie : > > > > thanks for the information . > > > > please let me know if you need av equipment , i . e . , lcd projector , > overhead > > projector , etc . > > > > thanks ! > > > > shirley > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > shijie deng on 07 / 03 / 2000 11 : 40 : 05 am > > > > to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com > > cc : vince kaminski > > subject : re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group > > > > > > > > shirley , > > > > i just booked my flights and the hotel . i ' ll be arriving houston on > > the evening of 7 / 27 and leaving on 7 / 29 . i ' ll stay at the doubletree > > houston allen center for two nights . looking forward to meeting you at > > enron . > > > > regards , > > > > shijie > > > > shi - jie deng > > assistant professor > > school of isye > > georgia institute of technology > > > > office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 > > e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu > > home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: fw : entouch newsletter fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ena . public . relations @ enron . com [ mailto : ena . public . relations @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 10 : 17 pm to : en . touch . newsletter . list @ enron . com subject : entouch newsletter ( embedded image moved to file : pic 26962 . pcx ) business highlights enron global markets - coal and emissions trading the first enron online synfuel trade occurred this past week , establishing enrononline as the only online marketplace for synfuel . the purpose of bringing synfuel on enrononline is to provide market transparency between the coal / synfuel spread . the coal cash book , which began trading only two months ago , has traded over 2 million spot tons . the fundamental purpose of this book is to capture short term market discrepancies , while also adding liquidity to the spot market to further long term trading and marketing of coal . enron energy and operational services - ena solid fuel initiative ena started development of a coal initiative late last year to support the electricity trading desk and to provide enron with a hedge in the event that the cost of natural gas continues to escalate above current long term projections . because of the culture shock associated the use of the words ' enron ' and ' coal ' in the same sentence , consideration was been given to changing the name to dng ( dense natural gas ) ; however , we went with solid fuel initiative . this initiative is developing multiple sites throughout the country where ena feels there is the greatest opportunity for long term corporate benefit . the primary areas are texas , florida , southeastern ohio and the central rocky mountain area . there are 2 principal areas currently being aggressively pursued : brownsville , tx and brighton fl . in brownsville , the team secured formal owner approval to lease a 600 acre site near the brownsville ship channel . this approval will allow the formal permitting activities to proceed without delay . a 500 mw facility is being considered for brownsville . as conceptualized , it will consist of two - 250 mw ( net ) cfb units ( circulating fluidized bed ) boilers . the boilers will be fired by petroleum coke ( petcoke ) and use a technology that will generate electricity in the most environmentally friendly way currently possible . one of the advantages of locating this facility near brownsville is that it remains a steady growth area and there is already serious interest by others to take substantial initial base load capacity . there is further synergy with other developing projects in the area that could lock down additional base capacity . as stated the plant is initially 500 mw , but will be designed to be expanded to a 1000 mw facility . the eeos team is starting to grow and currently includes hilda akin & cheryl kent , project admin assistants , bill fox as pem , and paula solomon as pcm . as the project develops there will be more team members required . in addition , as the florida opportunity develops we plan to establish a separate team . esource esource , enron ' s research group , recently posted on its website a forrester report as well as analyst reports for various industry and companies . these reports are free and available to all enron employees on the esource hot topics page at http : / / esource . enron . com / hot _ topics . asp . to date , over 1 , 600 employees have downloaded " spending wisely on private hubs " , a report valued at $ 2 , 000 . over 1 , 100 employees to date have viewed the analyst reports , provided by investext . the reports , which are updated continuously , are presented in folders by company and industry . new folders are being added upon request . to submit a suggestion for a new folder , please complete the suggestion form at http : / / esource . enron . com / suggestion . asp . watch for the new esource bulletin , the source . it will feature frequently requested searches , tips on finding information , new products , services , and events . meanwhile , to further fulfill enron ' s information needs , esource has arranged for analysts and bureau chiefs of various organizations and publishing houses to offer seminars to enron employees . enron freight markets efm signed a firm contract with streamline shippers association last week to provide truckload capacity for one - year with efm ' s option to extend the contract for up to an additional year . streamline transloads international shipments that enter the u . s . through the ports of long beach and los angeles . streamline then consolidates the shipments into full truckloads destined to the major population centers throughout the country . efm will begin moving shipments to northeast destinations this week . in the news we are pleased to announce that sally beck has been named chief operating officer for enron net works . she will join greg piper , president and chief executive officer and mark pickering , chief technology officer in the enron net works office of the chair . in her current role as managing director for enron net works , sally heads up enron ' s global risk management operations . she brings more than 20 years professional experience to enron , joining the company in 1992 . she graduated from the university of texas at austin with a b . b . a . in marketing and an mba with a concentration in finance . welcome new hires egm - robert bogucki , adam gianonne eim - sylvia miller ena - theresa mcbride , sriram vasudevan , jonathan mckay transfers ( to or within ) ena - brandon cavazos egm - michael garcia nuggets & notes congratulations to rahul kumar for passing the cfa level iii exam . weather risk management the weather group is pleased to welcome several new people to their group . trevor nathan and norm trethewey have joined the australia office and kaoru hijikata has joined the tokyo office . please welcome them to our team . enrononline figures below are the latest figures for enrononline as of september 7 ? total life to date transactions > 1 , 420 , 000 ? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 809 billion enron best practice tips united parcel service ( ups ) delivers the following air products : ups next day air early a . m . - 8 : 30 a . m . to selected zip codes ups next day air - guaranteed by 10 : 30 a . m . ups next day air saver - guaranteed by 3 : 00 p . m . ups 2 nd day air am - guaranteed by 12 : 00 p . m . ups 2 nd day air - guaranteed by end of second day ups 3 - day select - guaranteed by end of third day ups international service - world - wide express plus , by 8 : 30 a . m . to select cities in europe ups world - wide express - second business day for questions about selected cities and zip codes , please call the enron preferred customer associate at 800 - 432 - 2877 . ups is enron ' s preferred vendor for express deliveries . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: out of the office during the week of july 17 th thru july 21 st i will be out of the office next week . during my absence , please contact bob cotten at extension 3 - 6101 . 
2	Subject: mr . spivey has $ 421 , 601 waiting for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . wexvd . info : 443 / azccwjy thank you for your time , best regards , jonah santiago general manager 
2	Subject: re : netco what level of detail ? every person or just down to the team leader level ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 4 : 44 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie subject : re : netco organisational charts have been requested by one of the potential buyers . please send to tammie by close of play tomorrow . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; wynne , rita ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; white , stacey w . ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john subject : netco the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . i would ask that both john and i are notified of any changes to the netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis . please forward all alterations to jeanie slone who has responsibility for the master list . communication - i believe that the new year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on netco and what our policies are . i am asking david oxley to co - ordinate with all of you on this . i know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible . if you are unavailable this week , please ensure you delegate this work out . happy new year louise 
2	Subject: organization changes today , we are forming enron global services ( egs ) in order to more closely align our asset - based businesses . this reorganization will allow egs to focus our resources on opportunities that present the highest value to enron . it will also accomplish the following : 1 ) enhanced synergies among our assets and personnel , 2 ) more effective prioritization of business opportunities , and 3 ) better management of enron ' s asset - based businesses throughout the world . enron global services ' energy asset portfolio includes the north american pipeline businesses of enron transportation services ( ets ) , including northern border ; the international pipeline , power and distribution operations of enron global assets portland general electric ; eott energy corp ; enron wind ; azurix and wessex water . reporting to me as the heads of their respective business units are : ? jim hughes , president & coo - egs / international ? danny mccarty , managing director & cco - ets ? bill cordes , president - northern border partners ? peggy fowler , president & ceo - portland general electric ? john garrison , president & ceo - azurix ? dana gibbs , president & coo - eott energy corp ? colin skellett , ceo - wessex water ? adam umanoff , president & ceo - enron wind with the creation of egs , we hope to enhance the efficient utilization of our commercial support services . to accomplish this , egs ' staff and operational functions will be headed by : ? rod hayslett , managing director & cfo ? rob walls , managing director & general counsel ? phil lowry , managing director , pipeline operations and engineering & construction ? brian stanley , president & ceo - eeos ? steve hotte , vice president & cio ? john ambler , vice president , communications & pr ? gary smith , vice president , human resources in addition , rob walls will continue to perform his role as deputy general counsel for enron reporting to jim derrick . phil lowry will be responsible for domestic pipeline operations , technical services and engineering & construction , as well as , international pipeline technical services and engineering & construction . brian stanley will be responsible for technical services and engineering & construction for international power and distribution facilities . below is an organization chart for enron global services , which displays the changes described here . we are confident this new organization will focus our talent and capital appropriately . please join me in supporting this management team as it strives to maximize enron ' s return on its assets .  
2	Subject: new oslo office - going live the new office in oslo is " going live " today , monday , july 24 . please make a note of the new address . enron nordic energy hoffsveien ld postboks 637 , sk > yen 0214 oslo norway all the phone numbers are the same as before . 
2	Subject: buy cialis , phentermine , viagra levitra , valium , xanax , more with no prescription ! us doctors and pharmacies ! overnight shipping ! dc flack demolition advert academy crosshatch nuptial downpour anchor ambling dade umbra aeneas verdant aviary coffey crispin anise deregulatory levee super viagra - cialis is here dubbed " the weekend pill " * longer life up to 36 hours compared to 4 hours for viagra * acts faster from as little as 15 minutes compared to 60 minutes for viagra * best sex ever solid erection and only whenever you need it . with cialis you are in control " cialis works in 15 minutes and lasts for 36 hours giving you strong healthy erections whenever you want or need them ! " securely and discreetly online . avoid the embarrassment of waiting in doctor ' s office attention limited time special bulk discount shop here for cialis remove lubricious oaf empire aforesaid barnstorm key powdery vestry aldermen convect miraculous bursty convoy gesticulate yellowish match doctor famine declaration fredholm antic hence pod arcana progeny babcock populism lipscomb controlled grown cutout poland harpy gaucherie oratorical bakery sunlit committal airplane aspirin couch purdue danny ferret alert  
2	Subject: yukos oil dear friend i am mr . olsom berghart a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution with its branches all over the world ) source of funds : i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 100 . 5 m , which i seek your partnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 4 % of the total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? introduction of my self as a personal consultant to him , authority was handed over to me in transfer of money of an american oil merchant for his last oil deal with my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . do contact me through this secure email : olsombeghartl 01 @ netscape . net already the funds have left the shore of russia to an european private bank where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the process , my boss got arrested for hisinvolvement in politics by financing the leading and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses treat to president vladimir putin second tenure as russian president . do contact me through this secure email : olsombeghartl 01 @ netscape . net you can catch more of the story on this website : your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and i will re - profile the funds with your name , which will enable the european bank transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded in 2 weeks before mikhail khodorkovsky is out on bail . as soon as i confirm your readiness to conclude the transaction with me , i will provide you with the details . thank you very much regards olsom berghart ( mr ) mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: outstanding opportunities for " premier producers " full - time agents sales managers general agents cpa partners independent agents brokers plus access to 385 other companies for a confidential phone interview please complete form submit name : e - mail : phone : city : state : area of interest : full - time agent sales manager general agent cpa partner independent agent we don ' t want anybody to receive or mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012906 . txt 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? nokia - rolex ?  veritable reproductions wrist - watches we offer this trademarks available likewise : rolex vacheron constantin audemars piguet alain silberstein sinn  
2	Subject: it ' s el paso electric - not el paso energy kathy e - mailed me this morning and asked me to remind the group that we market for el paso electric , not el paso energy . apparently this has caused some confusion for other utilities when ( and if ) we answer the el paso phone line this way . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: quality medications available with discounts prices by ordering online . federally controlled drugs at value prices , we stock over 600 medications to assist with a variety of medical needs . compare our drugs for cancer , hiv , asthma and pain relief and you will find top quality drugs at affordable prices federally regulated medications now available for your convenience . online ordering greatly reduces the expense to you . overnight delivery available for customers in need of immediate rx refills . no charge for online consultations . we have both brand name and generic drugs in stock . you ' ll find great deals in our internet pharmacy . don ' t know online rx refill could be this easy and fast . it is really fast and easy for me . great service for quality meds . - - deal receiver believed to form 60 percent of the population , strongly support elections . you cant control the weather , it happensand theres not too much you can do about it , he said . you cant control the weather , it happensand theres not too much you can do about it , he said . certified 7 dead lift 3 biliteral ray  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? boyish ang aroused m ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? issies are waiting ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? you ! ?  we own more then 40 . 000 single immature extremely explicit photographs and about 80 hours of peak choice video . click here  
2	Subject: cinergy is closed ! cinergy is officially closed and money has been received . it was a great team effort and a real credit to everyone ' s ability to pull together for a common purpose . cheers to the whole group ! ! ! ! don 
2	Subject: are you desperate from your country ? come live in the usa ! permute cutaneousanimate aristotle lugwristband deus debriefcell ample sawbellycountry farrell fleeceoppose reub marathonblowup covary boatswainjoyride angular faceplateharmonic teaspoon indecisionpinkie 
2	Subject: congratulations . el gordo sweepstake lottery company s . a plaza de colon e - 29080 , madrid , spain . tel / fax : + 34 - - 6 0 6 3 6 7 0 8 1 . from : the desk of managing director international promotion / prize award dept . ref : egsl - 25003127 - csl - 02 batch no : 0007571982 attention : lottery beneficiary re : award notification / final notice . we are pleased to inform you of the todays release , the 5 th day of august , 2004 , result of the el gordo sweepstake lottery / international promotion programs held on the 18 th day of june , 2004 . your name attached to the ticket number 025 - 11464992 . 750 with serial number 2113 - 05 drew the lucky numbers 25 - 35 - 36 - 41 - 43 - 46 which consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay us $ 615 , 810 , 00 ( six hundred and fifteen thousand , eight hundred and ten us dollars ) in cash credited to file ref no . egsl 25003127 - csl - 02 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 5 , 368 . 770 . 00 ( five million , three hundred and sixty eight thousand , seven hundred and seventy us dollars ) . shared among the seventeen international winners in the category 13 . congratulations . your fund is now deposited with a security company insured to your name . due to mixed up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award top secret from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account as this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking of advantage of this program by participants . all participants were selected through computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from europe , asia , middle east and north america as a part of our international promotion program which we conduct once every year . we hope with a part of your prize , you will take part in our end of year high stake us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claims , please contact your claims agent mr . frank gumez the foreign service manager of santa lucia security company s . a . email address mailto : eurocity 2004 @ juno . comeurocity 2004 @ myself . com on mailto : eurocity 2004 @ myself . com on tel : 00 34  6 2 8 9 2 8 0 6 5 : 34 - 6 3 5 0 2 8 7 8 4 for processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 20 th day of august , 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned to the ministerio de economiay hacienda as unclaimed . and also be informed that 5 % of your lottery winning will be paid to santa lucia security company s . a . after you have received money . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please rememeber to quote your reference and batch number in every of your correspondence with us or your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our promotion program . yours sincerely benardo mazo serrano ( vice president )  
2	Subject: greece based professionals and organizations you areinvited to register on training consortiumjoin us by registering for free as a trainer , consultant , or speaker . and related businesses , vendorsand organizations register for free . fyi . . . press releaseannouncing a business website that connects trainers , consultants , speakers and those searching for professionals . trainingconsortium is a virtual organization which offers a new level of interaction , primarily in the following markets : business , management , training , consulting , speaking , human resources , personnel and education . it is a free extended relational database that has grown to include over 3700 members since its first release . it now also includes a free subscription available to anyone interested in receiving practical strategies , tips , and techniques from professionals spanning 235 areas of expertise . over 20 years ago andrew e . schwartz envisioned a comprehensive management and professional development training organization . now as ceo of a . e . schwartz associates , located in boston , ma , he has made his vision a reality . trainingconsortium has become a fast growing and innovative site that meets a wide range of business world needs . schwartz states that " this project is the culmination of everything that the training and development arena can be and what i have been working towards creating since 1980 . " there are no commissions or brokerage fees for revenue generated through trainingconsortium . trainingconsortium applies a unique registration process for trainers , consultants , speakers , organizations , and vendors . registrants rank various categories such as industry experience , area of expertise , geography , primary target audience , and more , which then provides our users with the most appropriate search results . " the site allows searchers to choose from more than 235 areas of expertise and every industry as standardized by sic codes , " says schwartz . the search is absolutely free . trainers , speakers , organizations , etc can take advantage of unlimited exposure as well as direct marketing tools . our share - knowledge feature allows registrants to post practical tips , techniques , and strategies that we will send via email to all of our searchers . this provides an opportunity for registrants to entice clientele with their expertise . we provide membership packages , which enable our registrants to increase their search counts . have doubts ? we will give you statistical traffic reports . registrants can also utilize our large database through cross links as well as a referral system . a . e . schwartz associates and the contributors of trainingconsortium have high expectations for this playground , offering free accessibility to what we expect will soon be one of the largest directories offering a valuable networking medium and invaluable resource to virtually every business in every industry . please stop in ( trainingconsortium ) / o pr department , p . o . box 79228 waverley , ma 02479 - 0228 ( 617 ) 926 - 9111 ext . 13 fax : ( 617 ) 926 - 0660 based on our research , referrals , and list acquisitions , please accept our apology if this message was sent to you in error . to unsubscribe simply e - mail : remove @ trainingconsortium . com with unsubscribe in the subject line .  
2	Subject: your commissions of $ 5000 per week ! ssva give me 5 minutes and i will show you how to turn your computer into a cash machine ! ! ! ( available in the us and canada ) i earned $ 25 , 000 last month - send for my bank statements ! ! ! we are giving away a free , 3 - day vacation to all folks who ask for more info on how to earn $ 1000 per sale simply by using their computer ! you ' ll earn $ 1000 per sale on a low cost product and $ 3000 per business contact - and all marketing is from the internet . free sophisticated and duplicatable marketing system ( $ 2500 value ) is given to you gratis - as well as all training and marketing support ! ! ! we invite you to explore , with no obligation , some information that could turn around your income and bring in thousands per week ! if you just want some extra income , or if you are a seasoned marketer - our paint - by - numbers system with live support ( up to 10 : 00 pm eastern every day ! ) will turn you into a pro ! ! ! family - loved product ! ! ! we will have you in profit quick - and with constant , live free support ! ! ! ! request more free info now - send an email to : growthmarkets @ excite . com with " send info " in the subject line ! ! ( do not click reply ! ) this email conforms to commercial email regulations within the us . please send any " remove " requests to : growthmarkets @ excite . com - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: global operations issues task force attached is the memo relating to our global operations issues , as discussed in the morning meetings , for the week of september 29 th . please let me know if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: hard to find items for allyson your woman needs an 8 inch man . be that man for her . learn how here . turn off notifications here . ka international exports ltd st . lucien # 1571 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: please confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account update your account information within 24 hours valued ebay member , according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations . never share your ebay password to anyone ! establish your proof of identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . currently , the service is only available to residents of the united states and u . s . territories ( puerto rico , us virgin islands and guam . ) to update your ebay records > > click here we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your patience in this matter . trust and safety departmentebay inc . please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . note : ignoring this message will cause the suspension of your account . to reactivate it you will have to pay a fee of 350 $ . copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at 2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .  
2	Subject: cp follow - up i am writing you in order to report the latest developments in relation to my visit in september . i forwarded the attached file to james new and mike jordan several weeks ago and had hoped to discuss it with them . i have had no response and , therefore , i assume that they agree with the direction that was laid out in the departure meeting ( sept . 15 ) with gregor , paul , and risk personnel . the three areas addressed in the report are as follows : pool book p & l split enpower structure modification transmission valuation pool book p & l split i have spoken to anthony macdonald about the progress and as i understand , he has offered to devote time in order to inform james and coralie evans about the underlying problem . enpower structure modification paul can certainly give you a more detailed understanding as to the legal entity decision process and amount of rework time that is required of your risk and confirmation groups . i have discussed this problem with zhiyong wei ( houston ' s enpower support ) in order to inform him of the situation and paul mentioned that he has also spoken with brian hudson . transmission as of my last communication with houston it , the testing was almost complete . at the departure meeting mentioned above , we considered valuation of transmission as a spread - option to be plan a and further agreed upon a plan b and c . the report details the operational risk involved in valuing transmission by using the forwards deal type in enpower . since i have communicated with james and mike and now with the 3 of you , i have completed my responsibilities on this project . we have now formalized a direction with backup plans and i would encourage testing by the london office to ensure that what meets the west power desk ' s needs will also address yours . if you need to further discuss this report , feel free to call or set up a meeting . regards , todd hall 
2	Subject: fw : conversation with edison re : getting negative ctc paid chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 3 : 02 pm to : shapiro , richard ; steffes , james d . ; mellencamp , lisa ; tribolet , michael ; sanders , richard b . ; kean , steven j . ; sharp , vicki ; smith , mike ; williams , robert c . ; curry , wanda ; swain , steve ; huddleson , diann ; calger , christopher f . ; belden , tim ; dietrich , janet subject : conversation with edison re : getting negative ctc paid i talked to john fielder ( svp edison ) about setting up a meeting for barry tycholiz with edison ' s cfo about hedging edison ' s qf price risk . fielder wanted to talk about the negative ctc issue . here ' s what he said : they plan to " settle " with the esps and pay them when they pay everyone else , which he re - iterated would be sometime in ql ' 02 . edison is holding firm to the notion that the negative ctc contributed to the utility ' s undercollection and that the esp ' s share of the undercollection has to be netted against the payables attributable to the negative ctc and owed the esp . he said that they will propose to net it out in one of two ways : 1 ) lump sum netting ( i . e . , if they owe $ 50 mm and the share of the undercollection is $ 30 mm , then they pay the esp $ 20 mm ; or 2 ) future reductions in px credit ( i . e . , they pay the esp $ 50 mm , and then reduce the px going forward until the $ 30 mm is paid down ) . the numbers are illustrative only . in addition , he said that they have the view that a decision is going to have to be made about 1 ) whether da customers pay for stranded costs tied to the dwr l - t contracts , and 2 ) whether da customers pay going forward for stranded costs tied to the qf contracts . ( edison is clearly lobbying the puc to get da customers to pay for these costs . ) i recommended strongly that he de - link issues 1 and 2 above from the issue of paying us asap what they owe us for negative ctc . he agreed . he said that the puc judge ' s recently issued pre - hearing conference order requires that edison " meet and confer " with esps prior to the nov . 7 th hearing , and that edison intends to set something up with esps prior to that hearing . fielder is also the point person on " getting esps paid " and intends to initiate settlement discussions with esps week after next . it was very clear from the conversation that edison is going to do everything possible ( at the expense of creditors ) to maximize headroom under the settlement it struck with the puc a few weeks ago . edison ' s stalemate with the qfs is evidence of it . we shouldn ' t assume anything different with the negative ctc issue . if you have any questions , let us know . best , jeff 
2	Subject: 4 - urgent - owa please print this now . current notes user : reasons for using outlook web access ( owa ) 1 . once your mailbox has been migrated from notes to outlook , the outlook client will be configured on your computer . after migration of your mailbox , you will not be able to send or recieve mail via notes , and you will not be able to start using outlook until it is configured by the outlook migration team the morning after your mailbox is migrated . during this period , you can use outlook web access ( owa ) via your web browser ( internet explorer 5 . 0 ) to read and send mail . please note : your calendar entries , personal address book , journals , and to - do entries imported from notes will not be available until the outlook client is configured on your desktop . 2 . remote access to your mailbox . after your outlook client is configured , you can use outlook web access ( owa ) for remote access to your mailbox . please note : at this time , the owa client is only accessible while connecting to the enron network ( lan ) . there are future plans to make owa available from your home or when traveling abroad . how to access outlook web access ( owa ) launch internet explorer 5 . 0 , and in the address window type : http : / / nahou - msowaolp / exchange / john . doe substitute " john . doe " with your first and last name , then click enter . you will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below . type in " corp / your user id " for the user name and your nt password to logon to owa and click ok . you will now be able to view your mailbox . please note : there are some subtle differences in the functionality between the outlook and owa clients . you will not be able to do many of the things in owa that you can do in outlook . below is a brief list of * some * of the functions not available via owa : features not available using owa : - tasks - journal - spell checker - offline use - printing templates - reminders - timed delivery - expiration - outlook rules - voting , message flags and message recall - sharing contacts with others - task delegation - direct resource booking - personal distribution lists questions or concerns ? if you have questions or concerns using the owa client , please contact the outlook 2000 question and answer mailbox at : outlook . 2000 @ enron . com otherwise , you may contact the resolution center at : 713 - 853 - 1411 thank you , outlook 2000 migration team 
2	Subject: re : eol letter posted 1 / 29 / 01 under tw informational non - critical notices , marketing notices , and what ' s new toby from : michelle lokay 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 49 pm to : toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , kimberly nelson / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : eol letter please post the attached document on the tranwestern bulletin board . this just received final approval from legal and is also being mailed to customers today . thanks . from : toby kuehl 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 41 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : eol letter 
2	Subject: lay it on the line at the all - employee meeting two weeks ago , i talked about the major challenges that i believe enron is currently facing and what we are doing to address these issues . i also reviewed with you our vision for enron to become " the world ' s leading company , " and what that means to me . your management team and i remain committed to this goal and are confident that by working together , we can achieve this vision . after the all - employee meeting , a number of you came forward to voice your concerns about what you saw as additional challenges for enron , and for that , i thank you . we have already begun working on many of the concerns you expressed . now , i would like to hear from more of you about what you see as the most critical issues facing enron in the next twelve months . in other words , " lay it on the line " for me by completing the attached survey . i assure you that your individual answers to this survey will remain confidential . the new management committee will use this information to help us identify immediate action steps to address your key concerns . we will communicate the results to you , both positive and negative , and what we plan to do about them , as soon as we can . thank you in advance for taking the time to help us move enron toward its new vision of becoming " the world ' s leading company . " we need your answers no later than tuesday , september 4 , 2001 . to access the survey , click on or copy the following url onto the enron intranet site : . if this link does not work , go to home . enron . com under " new & notable " and click on " lay it on the line . " if you have problems with the survey , contact the hrgim help desk at 713 - 853 - 5666 . 
2	Subject: meter # 1591 lamay gaslift aimee , please check meter # 1591 lamay gas lift . it doesn ' t appear to have very much flow and the bav is showing the nom volume . this could be adversely affecting the risk numbers . pat 
2	Subject: re : draft responses to ferc staff louise - great ansewrs . but when i printed it out , i noticed a little baby spew on the page . tell scott to droll elsewhere whilst you are working . i hope you are having fun . tom 
2	Subject: get them cehpaer here hello 100 % tax free smokes sent to you direct you will save a lot by purchasing cigarettes online see us at http : / / 765005 . 123 cigs 4 lessl . com thank you barney burr  
2	Subject: security alert - confirm your national credit union information - - >  
2	Subject: re : white wall board anita , no problem . vince anita dupont @ enron 08 / 18 / 2000 10 : 27 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : white wall board shirely : amitava wants one of those wall size white marker boards for his office . how do i go about ordering one of those ? anita 
2	Subject: re : mid - year prc i haven ' t checked with all of my managers , but i know at least some of them sent you their satisfactory reviews and had not heard anything back from you by 7 / 31 which i think was the original deadline for completing reviews . and i know that although i received feedback from you on my needs improvement employees , i didn ' t receive any formal feedback on my satisfactory employees reporting directly to me . i believe i recall a phone conversation that we had where you told me to go ahead and give the satisfactory reviews . at that point , i told all of my managers to proceed with completing the reviews on their satisfactory employees . i believe that all of my department ' s reviews have been executed and turned in - save one for an analyst as i am still waiting to hear feedback from his prc rep . so , based on your explanation of annemarie ' s memo , i guess i would like clarification . are any of the 51 in my department ? because , it could be that we went ahead and gave them when we were trying to get everything wrapped up in early august and be as timely as possible in giving constructive feedback to our employees based on our phone conversation - and that you ' re still waiting for us to provide them to you for review . what i mean by it is ridiculous to wait so long to communicate performance feedback is : september ? sorry for any confusion . don ' t take things so personally - i ' m venting at the process , not the people . enron north america corp . from : hector mcloughlin @ enron 09 / 01 / 2000 12 : 33 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : mid - year prc ann marie is our new hr analyst on rotation with our hr team . the phrase , " we still need to review 51 " satisfactory " evaluations " , was a disclosure to sally that the 51 evaluations have not been forwarded to hr for review . i did not mean to imply that we were holding any evaluations because we have provided same or next day turn around on the evaluations that i received . as i read the e - mail , i am concerned that you might be under the impression that i have not provided quick turn - around to one or more members of your group . if that is the case and i have not misinterpreted your e - mail , i would like the opportunity to address the issue with your staff so that i can correct the situation . has a manager told you that i held up an evaluation ? i do not have any " satisfactory " evaluations in my possesion that i am reviewing at this time . i wish you had told me of any issues that you perceived were delaying your evaluations because frankly , it was sally that wanted us to review the satisfactory or below evaluations . thanks for bringing the matter to my attention . i was not aware that you thought the situation had become ridiculous and i would like to do everything possible to avoid giving you that impression . hgm mary solmonson @ ect 09 / 01 / 2000 12 : 04 pm to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : mid - year prc i don ' t know who annemarie is , but we just went ahead and did our satisfactory evals . it is ridiculous to wait so long to communicate performance feedback . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 09 / 01 / 2000 12 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - annemarie allex @ enron 08 / 29 / 2000 03 : 16 pm sent by : annemarie allex @ enron to : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , bob . m . hall @ enron . com cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron subject : mid - year prc i would like to update you on the progress we have made on energy ops mid - year review process . all of the " needs improvement " evaluations have been executed except for two which will be executed before the 9 / 1 deadline . we still need to review 51 " satisfactory " evaluations . our target date for this process is september lst . please forward your " satisfactory " evaluations to myself or hector mcloughlin by september lst so we can review them and move forward in the process . thank you for your help . anne marie allex 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? election results - r ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? olex or cartier or ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? breitling ?  genuine replicas wrist watches we have next trademarks available as well : frank muller patek philippe audemars piguet zenith tudor  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / breccias . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / breccias . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: direct access suspension - cpuc press conference the latest information we have - - president lynch of the cpuc said today that the vote on suspending da would be taken tomorrow . proposed decision remains at suspending as of july 1 . there is still a possibility that the cpuc will hold this vote . in addition , there continues to be a legislative fix that could override this decision . please call with any questions . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schmidt , ann m . sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 3 : 02 pm to : steffes , james d . subject : direct access - puc press conference jim , i listened into the call for the puc press conference and they plan to go forward with the vote tomorrow regarding direct access ; however , they will not vote on the rate order until a later time due to the high volume of comments ( they predict it will be voted on before sept . 20 th though . ) let me know if you need more info about the call . thanks , a . 
2	Subject: western issues update 8 / 3 / 01 aluminum smelters ( dsi ' s ) alcoa aluminum there are no new developments in the alcoa - bc hydro talks to provide the aluminum producer a source of cheap , stable energy . alcoa is still shopping around to find a good seller , since the load reduction agreement with bpa is still in effect . it should be noted that bc ' s premier , gordon campbell , has had long - standing poor relations with alcan , inc . of canada , a competitor of alcoa ' s . while in the opposition , campbell helped to scuttle a completion deal that would have allowed alcan to finish a $ 1 . 3 b hydroelectric power project . earlier this year , bc hydro considered a plan to refund alcan some money for an energy buy - back deal similar to the load reduction agreements south of the border . if campbell can move to secure an aluminum partner he does not have a problem with , he will likely do so - to that end , look for alcoa and bc hydro talks to be productive if the premier has anything to say about it . alcoa is still in talks with bpa on potential continued load reduction agreements . in a recent shareholder meeting last week , alcoa ' s management was peppered with questions from wall street fund managers regarding the bpa talks - the feeling in the sector is that aluminum prices have begun to bottom out , and the impetus is now to start rebuilding production in the pacific northwest and re - establishing revenue growth . kaiser aluminum with the hiring of harvey perry as the company ' s new aluminum chief , kaiser ' s long - term aluminum strategy still remains somewhat unclear . as the only dsi to not have signed a load curtailment agreement with bpa , they are still in discussions . if anything new arises , we will keep you updated . bc hydro bc government campbell ' s government will be moving swiftly on the heels of the house bill to approve anwr drilling to fast track the lifting of the moratorium on offshore oil and natural gas exploration . some of the communities in northern british columbia , such as fort . st . john , dawson creek , black gold and fort mcmurray , have had significant recent population booms , and they are poised to hit critical mass as oil company money rolls into the region . currently there is debate about how to structure and site the pipeline that will run from anwr through british columbia . significant oil company exploration royalties will flow into local tax base coffers , which will make the offshore drilling an extremely competitive business between bc and alaska . bc hydro hydro officials are in the process of officially courting new partners and are becoming more aggressive in their attempts to find energy buyers . due to its ability to generate cheap hydroelectric power , bc hydro is looking to be competitive player in the market - avoiding its traditional subsidy of the " jobs for power " program , and pursuing lucrative cross - border contracts with us firms . at the same time , hydro will be moving to slice community programs ( anywhere from $ 6 to $ 8 million ) and outsourcing its information technology departments for savings in the $ 20 - $ 25 million range . bc hydro , whose annual revenues hover typically around $ 300 million , is looking at early mini - budget estimates for 2001 to be in the $ 375 million range . its trading subsidiary , powerex , has not come back with a refund counteroffer to california , and it looks like ca will have to take this issue to court . bc hydro is in the process of selecting its new chair of the board , which is looking more and more likely to be larry bell , from campbell ' s transition team . we have yet to pin down the name of the second candidate , although we believe he is a vice - president at west coast energy . the selection will not likely occur for another two weeks , so we do not anticipate any major policy shifts until late october or november . in the meantime , campbell and gary collins ( the finance minister ) will be calling the shots on hydro ' s future . keep in mind that the minister of energy and mines , neufeld , has the official title , but his power has been greatly curbed by the premier - the administration will be playing it safe until they feel they have a few knowledgeable players on board who are receptive to their agenda . bonneville power administration financial solvency after having a chance to speak with a source close to sen . patty murray ' s ( d - wa ) office , it has become apparent that the energy and water appropriations bill to provide bpa an additional $ 2 billion in borrowing authority ( over the $ 3 . 75 billion of existing authority it already has ) may be scuttled . sen . murray has been fighting a provision in that bill which would have forced bpa to come back to the senate every year for review - the white house , the senate appropriations committee , omb and the budget committee have all been opposed to the entire bill . the feeling is that if the $ 2 billion of additional authority would be issued , the money would be coming off the back of social security and medicare . eight northwest senators will be convening on this issue over the course of the next month and a half . the next time this issue will come up again is the middle of september , when there is another energy bill conference . obviously , now that bush ' s energy bill has passed the house , they will be looking to bring considerable pressure on democratic senators to pass the legislation - we would not be surprised if a deal to extend bpa borrowing authority is linked with support for anwr drilling . spill issues the $ 5 million spill over two columbia river dams a few short weeks after bpa administrator steve wright said there would be no summer spills was very likely a political bone for the environmental groups . fish managers , notably critfc ' s bob heinith and odfw ' s christine mallette , had stumped hard for any spill at all being better than none , but they lacked survival data to show that it would benefit fish in this extremely low flow year . power operators and the corps of engineers questioned the models used to determine the value of the spill , citing the impact of adverse tailwater conditions from low flows being compounded by spilling water , making it extra hard for juvenile fish to leave the area below the dams , and hence suffer higher mortality from predators like the northern pike - minnow . dam breaching congressman jim mcdermott ( d - wa ) recently announced that he was introducing a bill that would pave the way for breaching the four lower snake dams . it would also call for another study on the economic effects of breaching and authorize the corps of engineers to " partially remove " the dams if the secretary of commerce finds it necessary to satisfy esa , clean water act or tribal treaty obligations . " the bush administration has so far failed to allocate funds to implement the 2000 salmon recovery plan to avoid dam removal , " mcdermott said in a july 19 press release . " if this bill nudges them to take the plan seriously , and it is successful in preventing the breaching of the dams , then no one would be happier than i would , " he said . " now is the time to plan for all contingencies . " co - sponsored by tom petri ( r - wi ) and 19 other representatives - - but no others from the northwest - - the bill will have difficulty getting out of committee , where opposition has massed quickly , led by butch otter ( r - id ) and doc hastings ( r - wa ) . the two issued " dear colleague " letters asking fellow members not to support mcdermott ' s bill . pacific northwest utilities and energy interests have battled long and hard with salmon environmentalists over the issue with dam breaching . the environmentalists took their lumps earlier this year when energy prices shot up and left them nowhere to run politically . now that energy prices have come down again , they will continue to beat their drum over salmon preservation - although they are much weakened now . forestry issues forest fires one of the largest forest fires in the pacific northwest , the thirty mile fire , which claimed the lives of four firefighters , is under control this week . the only other major fire in this region currently is the 4 , 800 - acre union valley fire in southeast washington state . the fire is three and a half miles north of chelan , wa , and evacuations of residences continue in upper union valley and in washington creek drainage . the fire continues to spread north into washington creek drainage . burnout operations on the northeast flank of the fire were successfully completed . we have not seen any reports of this fire disrupting any electrical lines or significantly hampering transmission . 
2	Subject: re : fwd : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa panie tomaszu , prosze poinformowac kolegow , ze przesle moje uwagi do niedzieli . w . kaminski vkaminski @ aol . com on 01 / 30 / 2001 06 : 27 : 25 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : fwd : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable return - path : received : from rly - ygo 2 . mx . aol . com ( rly - ygo 2 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 2 ] ) by air - ygo 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 77 . 31 ) with esmtp ; mon , 29 jan 2001 17 : 42 : 48 - 0500 received : from postmaster . enron . com ( outbound 5 . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] ) by rly - ygo 2 . mx . aol . com ( v 77 . 27 ) with esmtp ; mon , 29 jan 2001 17 : 42 : 35 - 0500 received : from nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 38 ] ) by postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id waal 2034 for ; mon , 29 jan 2001 22 : 42 : 34 gmt from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp id for ; mon , 29 jan 2001 16 : 42 : 33 - 0600 subject : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa to : vkaminski @ aol . com date : mon , 29 jan 2001 16 : 42 : 46 - 0600 message - id : x - mimetrack : serialize by router on ene - mtaol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 6 | december 14 , 2000 ) at 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 40 : 54 pm mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / plain ; charset  iso - 8859 - 2 x - mailer : unknown ( no version ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " scarbeko " on 01 / 29 / 2001 07 : 35 : 10 am to : cc : subject : praca dyplomowa v edycja mba warszawa szanowny panie doktorze , na samym pocz ? tku chcia ? bym si przypomnie ` . jestem studentem v edycji mba ? w wy " szej szkole handlu i finans ? w midzynarodowych w warszawie i wraz z panami jerzym seremakiem i waldemarem mrozem piszemy u pana doktora prac ? dyplomow ? z finans ? w midzynarodowych . nsze prace przes ? a ? em do pana doktora juz w listopadzie ubieg ? ego roku i do tej pory nie dosta ? em potwirerdzenia , " e pan je otrzyma ? . bardzo bym prosi ? o potwierdzenie otrzymania tych " e prac lub zaprzeczenie . panie doktorze nastepna sprawa dotyczy zapytania czy pa  stwa firma by ? aby zainteresowana inwestycjami w budow ? elektrowni na ukrainie . pracuj w ? firmie konsultingowej kt ? ra zajmuje si min . tego typu biznesem . nie jest to dla nas pierwszy kontakt z tego rodzaju inwestycjami , poniewa " w obecnej chwili przygotowujemy sie do kontraktu ? z niemieck ? ? firm ? lahmeyer international na budow elektrowni 150 mw szczeg ? ly moge podac ? je " eli panstwo wyrazicie zainteresowanie . ? ? z powa " aniem tomasz b ? ach ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: summer internship dear mr . kaminski i am currently pursuing the m . s . in ieor at uc berkeley . i attended the speech you gave some weeks ago . i am interested in summer internship positions available in enron . you will find enclosed my resume . sincerely , ezequiel luis este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / commcenter . infosel . com internet gratis http : / / www . terra . com . mx / terralibre - resume elm . doc 
2	Subject: hhi again want to know how to s invalidate ave over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / www . trad knapweed epen . com - successfull and pr realtor oven way to save your mo convenience ney . illusionist v a drinker g jinnee al l finickin u multicolour l r unpunished ac returning l i unbidden sva innervated l incompetent m andmanyother . best prl beware ces . high quaii reject ty . worldwi obduracy de shlpplng . total conf inlander identiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied cust unpeople omers . hav seacraft e a nice day ! 
2	Subject: re : technical corner article tanya , looks good . we should break it up in 2 parts . vince tanya tamarchenko 02 / 09 / 2001 10 : 36 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : william smith / corp / enron subject : re : technical corner article vince , see if this is a good article for our technical corner . tanya 
2	Subject: your microcap profile inv ^ estor alert newsletter - june issue 2005 in july ' s issue we are going to profile a st + 0 ck that has just started trading and which would be huge winner in the near future . just started trading ground floor opportunity ! wsmi - just announced breaking news ! ! ! wisdom international announces st + 0 ck trading and subsidiary growth quote from news " wisdom international has experienced quarter over quarter growth in its insurance operation , international re - insurance , a wholly owned subsidiary of wisdom international has achieved slightly over one hundred and fifty percent net profit increase in the second quarter of 2005 over the corresponding quarter of 2004 , and just over one hundred percent increase from the first quarter of 2005 . " st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi ( wisdom international , inc . ) the st + 0 ck is trading at only $ 1 . 1 and we expect it could hit $ 2 . 75 - $ 3 by early august july . our last profile gbic went from 80 cents to $ 3 huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 2 . 10 range _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi current price : $ 1 . 10 we expect the price to go to $ 2 . 65 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 3 in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ big news released : wisdom international announces st + 0 ck trading and subsidiary growth there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : ) about the company : wisdom international corporation is a diversified holding company . wisdom ' s reinsurance activities are conducted through its subsidiary , international reinsurance company , ltd , with offices in nevis , west indies , norwich , england and dallas , texas . wisdom global mining conducts mining operations of organic agricultural , and health related products . additionally , wisdom international corp . owns a real estate development company , tamarack development _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ st + 0 ck symbol : wsmi current price : $ 1 . 10 we expect the price to go to $ 2 . 65 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 3 in next 2 weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , st + 0 cks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in st + 0 cks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of wsmi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 27300 from third party ( tripromoconsult report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: buy c . ialis soft " tabs without embarrassment new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 57 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: lowe ’ s * or home depot * ? which home supercenter is best ? yhaxc get a $ 500 gift card for home depot or lowe ' s from american research panel . take the nationwide survey and get your card . wsrncpyoqzcj 
2	Subject: softwares cds all software under $ 15 and $ 99 ! http : / / bexrnmenoe . napped . biz / if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired softwareisn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . we make software tobe near you . order any software you need for a low price . some popular products from our price list : all programs you can download or order on cd - rom by airmail . 50 $ adobe creative suite ( 5 cds ) 30 $ adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 55 $ 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 20 $ adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 35 $ alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited 35 $ autocad 200435 $ autodesk architectural desktop 200416 $ cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) 25 $ canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 25 $ corel draw 11 graphic suite 25 $ dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 020 $ macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 025 $ macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 025 $ macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional 50 $ macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) 20 $ microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) 55 $ microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) 35 $ microsoft project 2002 pro 20 $ microsoft publisher xp 200225 $ microsoft visio for enterprise architects 200345 $ microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl 35 $ microsoft windows xp professional 20 $ norton antivirus 2004 pro vl 0 . 0 . 0 . 10916 $ norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) 25 $ omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) 25 $ pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) 45 $ ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003370 ( 3 cds ) 16 $ powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) 20 $ ulead dvd workshop 1 . 299 $ microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) 20 $ winfax pro 10 . 02 and , more , more . more ! ! total today is 1421 products . price list - http : / / ivinpinrl . napped . biz / p / search - http : / / wesom . napped . biz / e / mac users . we have some software for you too ! ! ! check it : http : / / uadubdsklkyhl . napped . biz / p / m / adobe creative suite ( 2 cds ) for macadobe acrobat 6 . 0 pro for macadobe illustrator 10 for macadobe indesign 2 for macmacromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional for macmacromedia studio mx 2004 for mac ( 1 cd ) microsoft office v . x for macquarkxpress 6 multilanguage for macand more ! ! ! - - - - to unsubscribe , please go tohttp : / / umfa . napped . biz / unsub . html  
2	Subject: why pay more for a copy of winxp pro - get it for half a price today - abs legaly click trehala  
2	Subject: coke * or pepsi * ? which cola do you prefer ? we have $ 100 of soda or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke ® * vs . pepsi ® * . beuaaefz 
2	Subject: re : deal 34342 daren , i am trying to make up the gas for ena deals on meter 1552 , 8024 , 1062 , ( deals 240061 , 378904 , 394489 , 487588 ) . per anita , these need to be kept whole . i have the option of a buyback or swing on 1373 . . . . but , there is not enough gas at meter 1373 to do this . please let me know if there is another way i can achieve this . thu - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu t nguyen / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 36 pm to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 daren ' s response . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 30 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 we have a buyback under hpl ( # 586534 ) . ena had only 7 , 000 / day scheduled at mtr 1373 in feb . in reviewing the daily volumes in pops , i didn ' t see any days with flow under 18 , 000 . so , we should not need a buyback for ena . any shortages should be allocated to the hpl ticket . d aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 11 : 03 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 daren - thu has asked if i can extend deal 343421 thru feb . ' 01 . i told her i didn ' t have the authority to do this . it is for equistar . it looks like it is a term deal expiring jan . ' 01 . she wants it added to keep the ena deal whole . what do you suggest ? al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , this is the deal for equistar . there is not enough gas at meter 1373 to keep the ena deal whole . i need this deal to create buyback . this was out there last month and anita told me to get the deal extended . let me know if there is another way . thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 23 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 why do you need it extended ? this deal may not be able to get extended . which meter are you having problems with ? to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal 34342 aimee , i am so sorry . . . i don ' t know what ' s wrong with me . the deal is 343421 . if you can ' t extend this deal please let me know . thanks thu aimee lannou 03 / 14 / 2001 07 : 59 am to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : deal 34342 i don ' t have access to this ticket . it is an im canada ticket . from : thu t nguyen 03 / 13 / 2001 05 : 45 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : deal 34342 aimee , please extend the deal above to feb 01 . 
2	Subject: enron europe fx / ir brm please find enclosed the latest draft enron europe fx brm , as requested from mike jordan . please note that the principles have been discussed with mike , fernley and beth and broadly agreed , although some of the detail is yet to be updated . when the final report is issued i will ensure you receive a copy . kind regards d 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : talk with her tablets spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011020 . txt 
2	Subject: re : request from louise louise , great news that you are coming to the monterrey conference ! fyi , conferences in both cities are pretty full already . we have almost 100 people confirmed for the monterrey event , and 85 for mexico city . the audience is basically finance directors , treasurers and purchasing managers of the top industries in mexico . we covered pretty much the whole country , so in monterrey there are people coming from all the northern states , such as tamaulipas , nuevo leon , coahuila , chihuahua , sonora , durango , zacatecas , etc . the agenda is attached , and i ' ll jump - start the conference , talk about the agenda , introduce the members of the enron de mexico team that will be present , including you and then , suggestion : i think we should dedicate a minute of silence , in respect to the victims of last week ' s events . after that , i will introduce you , and then pass you the microphone . there will be simultaneous translation so you can feel free to talk in english . suggested talking points : - review enron ' s primary achievements in mexico : - providing risk management products for the mexican industry - leveraging enron ' s major strengths and capabilities - leading provider of natural gas and fuel oil derivatives - serving the top - 200 energy - intensive private companies in mexico - providing specific products for the mexican market - helping businesses to increase thier optionality in a regulated environment - monterrey cogeneration plant - 245 mw cogeneration facility located in garcia , nuevo leon ( about 20 miles west of monterrey ) . - natural gas fired ge 7 fa gas turbine is the anchor piece of equipment used at the facility . - commercial operations set for october 31 , 2002 . - expand our business in the future : - derived from the integration of mexico - us energy markets - provide transparency and optionality to markets ( power and gas ) u . s . - sourced power cogeneration or combined cycle facilities i will coordinate with tammy for picking you up at the monterrey airport . let me know if you want to have lunch or if you plan to eat during your flight . best regards , jaime williams steve sent you a breifing on the vitro plant , in case the topic it comes up : the following is a brief bullet point description of the monterrey cogeneration plant to incorporate intom the information you are send louise in preparation for the conference tomorrow . * 245 mw cogeneration facility located in garcia , nuevo leon ( about 20 miles west of monterrey ) . * natural gas fired ge 7 fa gas turbine is the anchor piece of equipment used at the facility . * commercial operations set for october 31 , 2002 . * power purchasers are vitro ( 110 mw ) , imsa ( 90 mw ) , and apasco ( 40 mw ) under 15 year ppas . * vitro subsidiary alcali to be supplied 210 tons per hour of steam under a 15 year spa . * transmission and distribution of the electricity to be provided by the cfe . * natural gas to be provided by pgpb ( pemex ) . * financing provided by the inter - american development bank . * major equipment foundations have been completed at the construction site , and equipment is beginning to be placed on the foundations . * the offtakers of energy from this plant are expected to save over us $ 400 mm over the term of the 15 year agreements a couple of other things to note are to the extent the project comes up , all enron people should refer to the project as the monterrey cogeneration plant and not the vitro plant so as not to diminish imsa and apasco , and to the extent we are questioned on the sell - down of the equity the response there is that initiative , while not finalized , is being pursued to manage enron ' s balance sheet and that enron will continue to maintain a significant equity interest in the facility . 
2	Subject: flu shots flu shots continue to be available at the enron health center , eb - 307 . flu season lasts through march , so it ' s not too late for immunization . for those employee groups who find it difficult to be away from their desks , arrangements can be made for the health center nurse to come to your floor to administer the flu shots . contact the health center at ext . 3 - 6100 for more information . 
2	Subject: ena capacity release attached is a revised version of the capacity release letter , which incorporates kim ' s comments . i ' m ok with sending this in the form attached to ena . please let me know if you ' d like me to send a copy to ena ' s attorney at the same time that you send to the business person . thanks . 
2	Subject: umbrella - final documents louise / john , you both ok with me sending latest netco 835 employee list to them . also , fyi on their group b list . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : arber , diane z [ hr ] [ mailto : diane . z . arber @ ssmb . com ] sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 10 : 02 am to : oxley , david cc : donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; clark , eugene [ gco ] ; cash , michelle subject : final documents david , the required document which will filed by 4 : 00 pm today identify the actual employee names who will be part of the new entity . please confirm the names in group a & b and forward the names for group c . section 8 . 5 employees . prior to closing , buyer or its affiliate shall have entered into retention agreements with ( a ) each of the three individuals listed on schedule a , ( b ) each of the 13 individuals listed on schedule b , provided the buyer shall provide substitute different individuals , reasonably acceptable to buyer , for no more than two individuals on schedule b , and ( c ) 80 % of the individuals on schedule c . . . . . group a : top 3 ( 3 out of 3 join ) greg whaley john lavorato louise kitchen group b : 13 ( 11 out of 13 join ) hunter shively tim belden john arnold mike swerzbin fletch sturm matt motley philip allen chris calger kevin presto dana davis * * please confirm that this is mark d davis rob benson mike grigsby mike maggi group c : 80 % ? ? please feel free to contact me with any questions . diane arber fixed income human resources phone : ( 212 ) 723 - 9537 
2	Subject: are you losing ? the answer would amaze you ! ? connecting your business to the world wide web ? how many shoppers are you losing ? the figure wouldamaze you ! how are youlosing them ? they cannot findyour web site ! a simple equation notbeing found  losing new customers ! we can change that ! for only $ 119 . 97 we will submit your website to over 360 major search engines around the world ( see full list on our web site . ) but more than that we will research the best and most effective meta tags and keywords to use on your web site so that you will rise in the search enginelistings so new customers can find you ! don ' t lose any more customers ! let us professionally manage the submission of your web site and get itfound and seen on the worlds search engines ! click onthis link click here ! to discover thepower of ? connecting your business to the world wide web ?  
2	Subject: ken ' s back ! read the latest ebiz and find out what ken lay said to employees at the all - employee meeting and what financial analysts said about the company after jeff ' s resignation . also in this issue : teesside and california updates ees gets big success from small customers texas deregulation gets delayed after two years of tough negotiations , enron ' s hainan plant finally sells you ' ve seen it before - - but what is btue / d ? it ' s all in the latest ebiz http : / / home . enron . com / pubs / ebiz / issues / 082401 / . or go to home . enron . com ( http : / / home . enron . com ) , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz august 24 , 2001 . "  
2	Subject: candace are you looking for more ? does siize matter ? if you have to ask , you neeeeeed this . learn how to grow that platinum 8 iiiiiinch coooooock and stay rock haaaaaard ! solicitude grapheme malarial em homily madras cyanic constitutive lunge celebrant diplomat custody gyroscope reformatory eaton nova culpa procedure symposia . ketosis plebeian dilution dreamt caprice yip tyranny fair both embeddable so marketeer fluvial scapegoat terry success cantonese rubbery stationarity quantum gerhard wardroom thetis dwell coexistent parental workmanlike southeast spline . synthetic paraxial backlash missoula spoon pete gilt riverside misty chose rotten julius verbiage cellulose singular knit precocious disneyland genitive dragonhead decaffeinate bound squirt locke chokeberry store . tuuuuuuurn oooooff heeeere . jaeger trounce adoptive leeds loam rerouted error isfahan degeneracy jettison analgesic pecan surjective critter faustus grownup implementer salesian ky aircraft normandy knurl volt jensen dobbin harmonious piscataway curfew erwin duane propitiate yodel . ito friend pascal cockcrow leech congregate consider crevice solicitor graham mayor dahomey belvidere dolomitic alphanumeric cattlemen mealy treason deposit autograph seville cook snappy work nuptial sabbatical suntan schlieren snakebird indecisive postcondition arctan tiber heraclitus benny .  
2	Subject: re : make your friends jealous  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012302 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : phone numbers i think that would be fine - if it works for netco . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jeff donahue managing director corporate development - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : donahue , jeff ; detmering , tim cc : taylor , mitch ; koehler , anne c . ; rub , jenny ; piper , greg sent : thu jan 10 16 : 09 : 58 2002 subject : re : phone numbers can we have them until we move ? that would probably be the easiest time to give them up . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: status - " pcg wish list " i just wanted to give you an update on where we are on the pcg wish list . we discussed about a month ago the fact that we had close to 200 items on our list of development / enhancements to our applications . we met on numerous occasions with mark d . and team to prioritize , etc . however , i think primarily due to the reorg in it , and mark leaving the team , we have done a lot of talking over the past three weeks , but nothing has happened to date . jennifer and i met with hal elrod yesterday , and i have met with bob hillier a couple of times , and we seem to be on the right track now . i know bob hiller is looking for people in his group to support these needs . my concern is growing due to the fact that andrew parsons and team will be re - auditing us before the end of the year . the key control weakness of the pcg was the lack of profiles manger - i have stressed that this is # 1 on the list of things to do . i think we are fairly close , but we will need to start and complete testing over the next several weeks . my hope is that we push andrew back as far as possible ! please let me know if you have any questions - sheri 
2	Subject: midlothian first nominations jennifer / carey / darren / stacey as i mentioned earlier , lisa hassold ( pg & e ) clarified that the pg & e delivery point # 00534580 is for the maypearl interconnect with lone star pipeline ( rather than the other pg & e ntp 36 - inch interconnect at maypearl with tufco ' s old ocean line ) . again , thank you all for your help in the first nominations ( lone star north line and lone star south line ) that midlothian energy limited partnership , as limited agent for abb asltom power inc , has made for testing purposes at the midlothian power plant . thanks trey christensen ps attached fyi is a powerpoint slide on the midlothian gas pipeline and meter station layout > - . ppt 
2	Subject: vacation day feb . 16 shirley , please put me down for a vacation day of feb . 16 . thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: missing deals - may , 2001 the following deals have been created and entered in sitara as baseload priced at ifhsc . bob deal # counterparty meter zone nomination 752476 carrizo oil & gas 9888 12 10 , 000 752480 comstock oil & gas 9878 20 100 752482 d & p operating ? 001 ( gulf coast ) 500 752487 ergon exploration 9880 08 9 , 000 752489 hesco gathering 9649 ? 300 752491 hesco gathering 9876 05 85 752556 hesco gathering 9885 05 1 , 100 752566 louis dreyfus 9874 14 750 752571 suemaur exploration 9881 02 1 , 300 752578 united oil & mineral 9887 19 2 , 000 
2	Subject: software warning - january 2 oth minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: this one will make you money 9 / 20 / 02 11 : 34 : 52 pm a great sponsor will not make you money . a great product line will not make you money either . a great compensation plan will not make you money either . a great company will not make you money either . some say it ' s a combination of the above . some say it ' s what ' s inside you that matters the most . forget about meetings , one - on - one , 3 - ways calls , etc . those old ways of network marketing has come and gone . they wear you out long before you make any money . what makes you money is a downline associated with a stable company that has consumable products . where ' s the downline coming from ? well , we have an online automatic recruiting system that does the work for you . our system will place paying members in your downline . furthermore , you can see it working first hand before you decide what to do , if any . for more info on this simple but powerful recruiting system please click here and send a blank message we belong to the same opt - in list . but if you wish to have your email address remove from our database please click here  
2	Subject: increase your penis size yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / cordoned . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / cordoned . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / cordoned . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / cordoned . net / extender / ? sashok 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . yomoi . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . yomoi . com / z . php  
2	Subject: official notice for all fleet bank users keep well ! in 1977 passport control the u . s . in 1940 open your fonts 
2	Subject: thank you dear dr . kaminsky : i want to thank you for interviewing me last friday and inviting me back for a follow - up interview . it was a pleasure to meet you and other members of your staff . my interest in working for enron research was strengthened as a result of the interview . i was most impressed by the quality and diversity of talents within your group . my proficiency in probabilistic analysis and experience in engineering and financial risk management fit nicely with the activities of your group . i have a demonstrated ability to adapt my skills with changing business needs . as a member of shell research , i supported internal clients from different business units . i am confident that i could make a significant contribution to your organization over time . i want to reiterate my strong interest in working with you and your staff . you provide the kind of opportunity i seek . i look forward to seeing you again on my follow - up interview next week . again , thank you for the interview and your consideration . sincerely , rabi s . de ? do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere ! 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 63 % lower ) . buttocks peiping paradigms vaticanizes viewers integrable counselling innovate borroughs sedgwick costumed devices immigrating shower sextuple disseminated kicking waterproofing calming musically sallow lookup barren smashing discernibility sergei thanking sanskritic straighter synonymously diaper believed corollary coprocessor christians hundredfold overstate mournfully electroencephalography  
2	Subject: mit research on bandwidth pricing gentlemen : amit is a former mit sloan student whose research was sponsored by a program set up by tom gros to learn more about bandwidth pricing and market effects . we worked with him quite a bit for a while , as did vince kaminski and stinson gibner , on this project . well , he has finally graduated and is in the process of having his thesis published . he has offered to come down to present his findings to anyone interested , so i am inquiring as to your level of interest in order to schedule a meeting , if appropriate . below is a short description of his work . please let me know your thoughts and if you have any questions . thanks , jay . - - james f . hawthorn enron broadband services global bandwidth risk management + 1 713 853 7606 telephone + 1 713 646 8795 facsimile - - - - - forwarded by jay hawthorn / enron communications on 03 / 29 / 01 09 : 15 am - - - - - adhadwal @ mit . edu 03 / 20 / 01 03 : 50 pm to : jay hawthorn / enron communications @ enron communications , adhadwal @ mit . edu cc : subject : hi jay , as per our discussion this morning , will be terrific to come on down to talk about the results of my thesis related to pricing & risk management of forward contracts on bandwidths . thanks to the support from enron for this work ! here ' s a brief description . we addressed the problem of pricing and risk managment of forward contracts on bandwidth under uncertain future available supply . this exposes the seller to both the risk of perishability as well as the risk of overcommitments . we consider a variety of selling strategies to map commitment risk , and show how forward pricing varies over time under these strategies . the managerial insights into dynamic forward pricing are neat ! have several graphs from simulations , and several math proofs . there are two technical pricing papers from this thesis , now submitted for publication . it will be great to share this knowledge with enron , thanks to your support for the work , and also discuss how the results may be mapped with real - life , possible modifications , and finally how they may be programmed and used . let me know your thoughts and interest level - maybe someone from vince ' s group as well ? i can make the talk as technical as you want , depending on the audience . at its core , it is math - heavy , but the insights can easily be translated to a high - managerial level view , a more detailed trader - level view , or a super - detailed research level view . cheers , - amit 
2	Subject: just to her . . . your message to tjvs @ remgro . com has been blocked . should it be business related forward this message to helpdesk @ commsco . com for immediate release . message id : t 723 b 9 cb 981 acl 04 aobeb 98 rule triggered : spam files 
2	Subject: hidden gems help get a leg up on the market structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the worid market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and little competition . symbo | : pgpu . pk current price : o . 75 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company foliowing extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire al | of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 500 , oo 0 common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediately and to hoid a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profiie : pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies . the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais . the company has great short term speculative potentia | as well as the potentia | for | ong term growth . we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! piease foilow this one trade tuesday ! nothing in this e - mail should be considered personaiized investment advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . a | | of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to fo | | owing an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter should be made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and oniy after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewsletters 2 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsletter al | rights reserved 
2	Subject: fw : prepayment fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fuller , robert to : moran , tom ; nowlan jr . , john l . ; danaher , patrick ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; bradford , william s . sent : wed nov 21 11 : 29 : 15 2001 subject : prepayment the notional value of the prepayment due british petroleum oil supply for december barrels will be approximately $ 17 million . regards , rob fuller 
2	Subject: how engage will be split upon merger of el paso and coastal westcoast , coastal split engage energy assets to prepare for el paso energy ' s looming takeover of coastal corp . , westcoast energy inc . and coastal are splitting up engage energy , their three - year - old marketing venture , with each retaining a half interest in the houston - based gas marketer . the split should be completed by the end of the week . coastal , headquartered in houston , will merge with el paso energy in a $ 16 billion deal by the end of the fourth quarter ( see daily gpi , jan . 19 ) , and company officials said that several transactions needed to be completed before the merger could be finalized , including dismantling the engage venture . vancouver - based westcoast and coastal each own 50 % interest in engage , which has 12 regional offices throughout north america and employs 300 . one of the top north american gas marketers , it purchases natural gas from every producing basin in north america , and trades electricity within all nerc regions . engage estimates it will add another 1 bcf / d to its natural gas deliverability by the end of this year . ngi ranked engage in 12 th place in its 1999 north american power marketers list , dropping from eighth place in 1998 , losing about 15 . 2 % in sales . engage reported a sales volume of 5 . 6 bcf / d last year , compared with 6 . 6 bcf / d the previous year . it sold an estimated 2 , 100 bcf of natural gas in 1999 . westcoast and coastal formed engage in 1997 to offer a full spectrum of energy services , including natural gas marketing and trading , electricity trading and sales , energy management services , structured storage and transportation - related services , structured power and management services and energy risk management services . the companies said that those services would continue as before . there is expected to be little impact on either company ' s existing asset valuation . under the restructuring plan , westcoast will retain the engage canadian business entity and certain natural gas and power activities in the united states . westcoast also will retain the right to use the engage energy name and will continue to conduct business from calgary , southfield , mi and other u . s . locations . coastal will retain the u . s . business entity , with headquarters in houston . " by taking full ownership of our natural gas and electricity marketing and trading functions , we can better capitalize on the knowledge , experience , track record and infrastructure that we have built over the past three years , " said michael phelps , westcoast ceo . when coastal merges with el paso , it will be joining a company that already has a strong gas marketing arm . ngi ranked el paso seventh on its list of gas marketers in 1999 , noting that it traded 6 . 7 bcf / d of natural gas last year . it also was ranked seventh in 1998 . 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : fr  ebe _ affordable _ life _ ins . _ quotes ?  welcome to americas newest insu ` rance referral network . we offer te . rm li . fe cove ' rage at up to 7 ' 0 % off . we survey the top li . fe ins , urance companies and provide the bes . t rat ' es available tod ' ay . smokers may qua , lify for sp ` ecial rates . get your ins . urance qu . ote tod ' ay autocrat raymond concoct such ductile gilead tedium throne bipolar liverpudlian brad liquidate andean cereal transfusion snippet matriarch outlandish irvin capillary ainu anything befitting bloodstain kindle tango narrate blame forbid brandenburg liberal nereid terrible if you do not wish to rece ' ive these of ` fers in the future , go he ' re to un - list now sprite ithaca southern cognition creekside awl spokesperson spot congress bloodbath artful crescent doctor skylark hildebrand definition passerby swoop slave catastrophe cryptographer shagbark atalanta snapshot variety chant consonant sportsman cabinetmake creature pobox pilgrim  
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached divide cover most gave . trip , until energy , own very store . all shape , hit , ear often an . home step common back . seem letter snow we behind lead . arm count seem took need has . one an sister state sell star . warm tail interest him boat some . space word them . black , lost bad . woman near know , rain hot show rest . warm set leave home . vary believe top indicate fly . exercise believe and soft grand , can might . - - phone : 776 - 810 - 7200 mobile : 551 - 393 - 5887 email : multibithewitt @ everythingbusiness . net  
2	Subject: re : houston visit soussan , thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to houston . i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning . assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner . please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th , to confirm . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your insights , and the risk book you gave me . i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits you better . best , soussan faiz texaco inc . 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: fw : assignment of el paso transport fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tycholiz , barry sent : fri 8 / 10 / 2001 8 : 53 am to : lavorato , john ; grigsby , mike cc : miller , stephanie ; cantrell , rebecca w . ; nemec , gerald ; polsky , phil ; moon , eric subject : assignment of el paso transport john , i am pleased to report that west gas orig has completed the permanent assignment of approx 47 , 000 mmbtu / day of el paso transport to public service of new mexico . this capacity was assigned with varying start dates . late 02 and early 03 , with no credit risk associated with this transaction as a condition of the assignment was an unconditional release of ena . ena assigned this capacity at max rate ( which meets all ferc policy issues ) and we were able to generate $ 3 . 0 mm of incremental value which was granted to stephanie miller from mike grigsby . in addition to the mtm of approx $ 3 mm , this transaction reinforces the good working relationship between trading and marketing and may enhance ena ' s trading position by removing some of the risks associated with this pipe . these risks include , flow rate risk , demand charge tariff changes , receipt point pool allocation risks , and potential mtm erosion and of course ferc / regulatory pressures . our work is nowhere near complete on this as we continue to create structures and discussion around the 200 , 000 / day which is a little more complicated to shed . in the meantime our group continues to promote the placement of the remaining capacity either through other producers or generators and we anticipate the assignment of another small package early next week . thanks to those who helped out in this effort , including legal , regulatory , risk , structuring , trading and my origination team ! ! ! regards , bt 
2	Subject: underpriced issue with high return on equity stock report . dont sieep on this stock ! this is a hot one ! company : gaming transactions inc . stock symbol : ggts currentiy trading at : o . 30 rating : strong purchase near - term target : 0 . 45 long - term target : 1 . oo breaking news for ggts : gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) , a | eading provider of online gaming porta | management is pleased to announce that it has launched its proprietary gaming portal ( k e n o . com ) furthermore , the company has begun an intensive marketing campaign to support the | aunch and establish itself as the | eader in the online gaming industry . ( k e n o . c o m ) is an oniine games destination where people piay popular casino style games to win real money . the foundation of the site is an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 80 balls numbered 1 thru 8 o . every game , the house draws 20 bails at random and displays their numbers on screens ( called keno boards ) located on the website . the object of the game is for the player to guess some of the numbers the house will draw . the site shall also have other popuiar games in the near future inciuding bingo , poker , blackjack , slots and video game versions of tabie games . patrick smyth , ceo of gaming transactions inc . , remarked that , the games have been deveioped with the foresight to create a user - friendly experience without loading times and a secure transaction system has been deveioped with multipie layers of security and redundancy . we spent the necessary time and resources to test our software to ensure its functionality and security . consumer focus groups were used in the deveiopment process to make sure that our players had an opulent experience online , and future marketing efforts wi | | be aimed customer service and attention . about the company : gaming transactions inc . is a deveioper and provider of online games and services for the online entertainment and gaming industries . the company ! s centra | licensed games portal , ( k e n o . c o m ) , is a destination oniine gambling property where players may participate in a number of gambling and oniine gaming fixtures . the foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 8 o bails numbered 1 thru 80 . every game , the house draws 2 o balls at random and displays their numbers on screens ( called keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the piayer to guess some of the numbers the house will draw . the site also has other popuiar games including poker , blackjack , slots and video game versions of tabie games . gaming transactions inc . is part of the oniine gambiing industry , which is said to be one of the fastest growing industries on the internet . ! ' the electronic gambling report forecasts that revenues will reach 14 . 5 biliion by 2006 ! ( market statistics : - informa media grp . giobal revenues from oniine gambiing wi | | reach 14 . 52 bi | | ion in 20 o 6 , up from 3 . 81 biilion this year . this is according to a report from the informa media grp . , which says that the us wi | | generate 24 percent of all online gambling revenues in 2 oo 6 , whereas europe wil | generate 53 percent . north american oniine gambling revenues are expected to reach 1 . 99 biliion this year and 3 . 85 bi | | ion in 2 oo 6 . in europe , revenues wil | grow from 1 . 29 billion this year to 7 . 64 biilion in 2 oo 6 . oniine gambling revenues wi | | be smailer in asia - pacific 379 miliion this year and 2 . 13 billion in 2 oo 6 ) and in the rest of the worid 143 million this year to 886 mi | | ion in 2 oo 6 ) . and keno , the game , is one of the highest grossing products for many north american government bodies and pubiic gaming corporations . easy to piay , quick , and profitabie , keno has become a favorite to gambiers who want the excitement of a lottery draw without having to wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware , software and cutting edge encryption / decryption techniques keno . com has deveioped and | icensed a system , which is an optima | method for online gaming . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ggts ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information avaiiable about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 042 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: duplicates sorry for any duplicate , having problems with lotus notes . gary green 
2	Subject: re : a request zimin , i also enjoyed our talk . thanks very much . i ' ll send you the paper as soon as its done . duane - - on thursday , march 15 , 2001 , 1 : 58 pm - 0600 zimin . lu @ enron . com wrote : > > > dr . seppi , > > nice talking to you about swing contracts and your recent work on > american - monte > carlo approach . i am interested to read your preprint papers . > > my address is > > zimin lu > enron corp , eb 1967 > 1400 smith street > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > > zimin > > > > > > > > > > > > ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 15 / 2001 11 : 59 : 59 am > > to : zimin . lu @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : a request > > > great . i ' ll be in my office . my number is 412 - 268 - 2298 . > > duane > > > - - on wednesday , march 14 , 2001 , 3 : 57 pm - 0600 zimin . lu @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > > > dr . seppi , > > > > my phone number is 713 - 853 - 6388 . i will call you > > tomorrow afternoon around 1 : 30 pm houston time . > > > > zimin > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 14 / 2001 03 : 15 : 02 pm > > > > to : zimin . lu @ enron . com > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > subject : re : a request > > > > > > dr . lu , > > > > i would be grateful if i could talk with you some time about the typical > > terms one sees in swing , take or pay , virtual storage , etc . options . > this > > is related to some research some colleagues and i are doing applying > recent > > innovations in monte carlo valuation of options with early exercise . we > > would like to illustrate our techniques on some examples which look > > realistic . when would be convenient for you ? > > > > i look forward to talking with you . > > duane seppi > > > > - - on wednesday , march 14 , 2001 , 8 : 44 am - 0600 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > wrote : > > > > > > > > duane , > > > > > > i shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague > > > dr . zimin lu will call you to talk about different > > > structures . > > > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 13 / 2001 09 : 54 : 24 am > > > > > > to : " vince j kaminski " > > > cc : > > > subject : re : a request > > > > > > > > > vince , > > > > > > sorry that i missed your call yesterday . i have a meeting from 2 - 3 > today > > > ( tuesday ) , but otherwise any time in the afternoon works for me . let me > > > know what is convenient for you . thanks for your help . > > > > > > duane > > > > > > * * * * * * * * > > > duane seppi > > > > > > graduate school of industrial administration > > > carnegie mellon university > > > pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 > > > > > > tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 > > > fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 > > > > > > email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > * * * * * * * * > > duane seppi > > > > graduate school of industrial administration > > carnegie mellon university > > pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 > > > > tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 > > fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 > > > > email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu > > > > > > > > > > > > > > * * * * * * * * > duane seppi > > graduate school of industrial administration > carnegie mellon university > pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 > > tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 > fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 > > email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu > > > > > * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: re : a quant i did . . . trying to get him in next week so that vasant can see him as well . thanks vince j kaminski 24 / 01 / 2001 22 : 24 to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : a quant bryan , did you have a chance to take a look at the resume i sent you ? he looked like a great guy for your group . vince 
2	Subject: re : retention of select individuals my understanding is that lavo and fallon ok ' d this . if not i ' ll sort it out next week . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , december 09 , 2001 5 : 59 pm to : oxley , david ; lavorato , john subject : fw : retention of select individuals shouldn ' t we have let this group go ? why are we retaining them ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tholan , scott sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 10 : 53 am to : labbe , anne ; oxley , david cc : aronowitz , alan ; kitchen , louise subject : retention of select individuals anne and david , apparently some or all of my tac group are on the " lay off " list , effective today . we are working on a project that will require their presence until at least next week , longer for some . for now , please ensure the following 9 individuals are on the retain notice until further notice : 1 ) chris clark 2 ) angie wingo 3 ) jason loup 4 ) junichi sugiura 5 ) brian mihura 6 ) richard boehm 7 ) dan orbeck 8 ) don chancey 9 ) ken kooser thanks , scott tholan 
2	Subject: org chart changes @ 20 / 4 / 00 attached are the new org charts following recent changes and new recruits within the group . please forward to those in your group and to anyone who you may think has an interest and to those new starters who are not included in the notes group . any queries please give me a call . james 
2	Subject: oem cd shop 50 $ microsoft windows xp professional 60 $ microsoft office xp professional 2002 80 $ adobe photoshop cs with imageready cs 80 $ microsoft windows xp pro + office xp pro 100 $ macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 120 $ adobe photoshop 7 + premiere 7 + illustrator 10 remove 
2	Subject: treatment increases collagen in lips ! the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence . forbidden fruit tastes sweeter . any time means no time . necessity is the mother of invention . no news is good news . habit is second nature . great oaks from little acorns grow . half a loaf is better than none . safety lies in the middle course . as you make your bed , so must you lie on it . silence is golden .  
2	Subject: sickest bitches . beaton abused , humiliated and begging for more ! ! ! our sluts won ' t disappoint ! ! click here you must be at least 18 to enter !                                                              to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click hereand you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more informationon one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our  
2	Subject: mtbe plant - lightning strikes again the mtbe plant took another lightning strike about 2 p . m . on saturday , june 3 . the plant is coming back up and expects to reach temperatures to start making some product about midnight tonight , june 4 . 
2	Subject: lv / pastoria update i have owed you a phone call / update for lv and pastoria . acctg is signed off , as of this am , for lv gain of $ 680 k and pastoria reserve of $ 1 . 4 mm , net of antelope writeoff of $ 1 . 5 mm . both will be on the hotlist as such . 
2	Subject: maths course dear vince , ? i just wondered whether you have had chance to look at your bullet points and bio for the maths course . if so please could could email them to me as soon as possible . could you also let me know whether your company affiliation should now be enron north america . ? thanks vince and best regards , ? vicky 
2	Subject: ? ? ? ? ? ' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ?? : ????? : jinglephoneisrael www . jphone . co . ilinfo @ jphone . co . il ????? ? ? ???? ????o 4 - 9016767 ?? ' ??????? ??????? ? : ???? , ????????? ? ?????? , ??? " ? - - >  
2	Subject: status update for account 05 dw 382 fx aloha prescription prices in the states are extremely high , drug developers figure they can charge a small fortune . overseas pharmacies can save you a bundle . to recieve more information http : / / www . bumblebee . sanzxcrf . com f . r . e . e doctor ' s consultation and f . r . e . e discreet shipping thanks , jody turn notifications off  
2	Subject:  got a good taste but short of money ? cautious about your budget but want some luxury in life ? treat yourself to this perfect opportunity : real 18 ct . gold repllca watches such as cartler / ro l . ex from $ 70 - $ 200 they look so real no one will know the difference . . money back guarantee ! press left mouse button here to see our new collection abort  
2	Subject: make your rivals envy lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wiii automaticaily become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: like being 18 again ( without the zits ) advanced penis development more info here nucleate adl defunct xxs earthshaking cli irk mru airframe yx dubitable kh ac fwx desiderata hto tent bje dreamboat dyz anthropogenic njs brant bfn ivanhoe sqq mcleod hy redemption lms beryllium cmv azure gd antoinette ttq impropriety ik advert kln no  
2	Subject: communication of deferral plan status for active and inactive employees attached please find information which has been sent to active and inactive deferral plan participants regarding the status of their deferred compensation accounts . the information consists of a letter which provides details of account balance ( s ) by plan , life - to - date contributions under most plans , general q & a ' s regarding top hat non - qualified deferral plans , the process for preserving a claim with the bankruptcy court and a sample claim form . we have received many calls and think that this will answer most questions . any additional questions regarding deferrals may be forwarded to executive . compensation @ enron . com , voice mail 713 - 345 - 7960 , or to p . o . box 1188 in care of the deferral plan administration group for a written response . we will continue to work with weil , gotshal , and manges llp to exhaust any reasonable effort as it relates to making payments to the participants of enron ' s deferral plans . if you have questions , please call me at x 35816 . pam butler 
2	Subject: transwestern capacity release invoice for feb 2002 - ena / burlington please be advised that a manual adjustment will need to occur on ena ' s contract 24924 . the deal was structured whereby tw would receive a marketing fee equal to 50 % of the rate negotiated in excess of the original contracted rate between ena and tw ; the other 50 % goes to ena . here ' s the basics : ena ' s contract with tw is at a daily rate of $ 0 . 0600 ( one - part ) the release to burlington is at a daily rate of $ 0 . 1020 ( demand only plus applicable commodity and fuel based on usage ) tw will bill burlington through normal course of business ( reservation of $ 71 , 400 [ $ 0 . 1020 x 25 , 000 x 28 days ] plus applicable commodity fees ) ena demand invoice will need to be adjusted so that they only receive a capacity release credit of $ 56 , 700 [ ( $ 0 . 1020 - $ 0 . 0210 ) x 25 , 000 x 28 days ] amy - please do an adjustment of the capacity release rate by inputting a discount of $ 0 . 0210 for this line item on the manual invoice . richard - when payment is received from burlington for their acquisition , please process the credit amount of $ 14 , 700 to ena . tw will need to book marketing fee revenues of $ 14 , 700 [ $ 0 . 0210 x 25 , 000 x 28 days ] richard - has a separate account been established for these revenues ? if you have any questions , please let me know . elizabeth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : wednesday , february 27 , 2002 8 : 29 am to : giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; miller , christopher l ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda ; donoho , lindy ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; watson , kimberly ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; buchanan , john cc : dietz , rick ; lee , dennis subject : transwestern capacity release report for february 2002 reservation invoices attached is the file to be used for demand invoice verification for january 2002 capacity release transactions . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . fyi - based on the flash invoices i generated last night for the capacity release transactions and global settlement contracts , please note the following : ena k # 24924 res - manual rate adjustment is needed for the 50 / 50 split of marketing fees for capacity released to burlington conoco k # 20748 res - delete the thoreau to e . thoreau line item conoco k # 20835 comm - delete authorized overrun line items and roll volumes up to the commodity charge type texaco k # 25923 / 25924 comm - when verifying fuel rate of 4 . 5 % between the lateral and mainline contract sched volumes , there is a ldifference that could not be attributed to rounding . need to verify if difference is caused by makeup volumes ; and if delivery makeup scheduled , then invoice should be adjusted accordingly . please remember that the notes above are based on data as of 2 / 26 / 02 . i will review again on the lst . schedulers - please provide a final copy of the delivery tolerance report to both me and marketing so it can be determined if makeup will affect the rate to be charged [ some contracts are based on calculations , especially when charging incremental fees for alternate point usage ] . > thanks , elizabeth x 3 - 6928 
2	Subject: rice / eron finance seminar series fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 04 / 2000 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barbara ostdiek on 12 / 01 / 2000 05 : 38 : 08 pm to : ostdiek @ rice . edu cc : subject : rice / eron finance seminar series enron seminar series in finance jones graduate school of management , rice university tim bollerslev duke university will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , december 8 , ?  & measuring , modeling , and forecasting realized volatility .  8 the seminar will begin at 10 : 30 in room 113 . please note the different time and different room for this seminar . a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / . ? 
2	Subject: l - e - s - bian org - i - es ! pi - ercing hea - - ven : ) hi there , i am an outgoing , fun woman who enjoys trying exciting things . i love to have a good time , and i love meeting guys . i usually don ' t have a type of guy . i can have fun with anyone . so . . . i can ' t wait to meet with you ! barbie http : / / www . dailyporn 4 u . com was sent on behalf of : suite # 186 4 - 1150 n . terminal ave . nanaimo , british columbia v 9 s 5 l 6 canada please cancel these announcementsforever http : / / www . dailyporn 4 u . com / getout . html asd sfd  
2	Subject: cialis , xanax , valium , viagra at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! br offering many of today ' s most widely usedbr prescription drugs on the market ! brbr viagra , ambien , meridia , propecia , valium , xanax and many more ! br just click below for these special savings !  
2	Subject: mortgage information for you ! . . . . . . . . has your mortgage search got you down ? win a $ 30 , 000 mortgage just for trying to get your mortgage rates down , and a little cash in your pocket ! ! know who is telling you the truth ! we can solve all your problems . visit our site today and in two minutes you can have us searching thousands of programs and lenders for you . get the truth , get the facts , get your options all in one shot . it ' s absolutely free , and you can be done in only two minutes , so click right now and put your worries behind you ! [ 247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk ] 
2	Subject: re : spp losses annuity thanks for the heads up . just curious - do we have any estimation of when the charge will hit our book ? kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , virginia sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 9 : 22 am to : symes , kate subject : spp losses annuity kate - fyi - i have entered deal # 669230 . 1 for ancillary charges for april reserved and used transmission . detail is listed in the deal itself . i have also put a copy of the deal in your box . please let me know if you have any questions . reservations for spp tranny were made real time . virginia 
2	Subject: liffe is great hello , vlsit our medsbymail shop and save over 80 % vl raam enle racl is , and ag bi vlt al manyother . you will be pieasantly surprised with our prlces ! have a nice day . 
2	Subject: 27258 i would like to change my receipt points to the following effective september 1 , 2000 . panhandle 4750 w texas 10250 thank you . 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : stcelebrate 2002 @ aol . com ( ultimately generated from info @ something - to - celebrate . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 64 . 12 . 137 . 89 ] : 554 - : ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html 554 transaction failed - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 218 . 23 . 38 . 202 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by discostu . angelsonoccasion . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupmn - 0001 st - jh for info @ something - to - celebrate . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 18 - 0400 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817172 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ something - to - celebrate . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: rotation of leandro " roy " ibasco hello celeste : plans are in the works to rotate roy ibasco from the research group into henry arora ' s group . vanessa carranza is handling the churn request . i am not sure of the rotation date , but we need his desk by the 15 th for gwyn koepke . you probably already know all of this , but just in case . shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: 2004 health watch exciting new product feel the energy and recapture your youth for many , this is a powerful second chance press here to read about this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life - - - - - original message - - - - - from : boxl 200 oranjestad aruba [ mailto : francina @ vgsvgge . com ] sent : friday , march 7 , 2004 0 : 38 am to : tiera ; cindy @ tdi . com ; jeramy ; marlon ; joselyn subject : post office list in top link fatality was not significantly different failures were significantly more common with combination therapy among all trials we found no evidence for any potential prevention of infection by resistant isolates with combination therapy it can be debated which design appropriately examines the clinical interpretation of synergism studies comparing same or different lactams synergism has been defined as a 2 logl 0 or greater reduction in bacterial count with the combination versus that with each of the agents alone 86 in studies comparing the same lactam this is directly tested but the effect of increasing the antibiotic spectrum cannot be separated from a synergistic effect but i must wait - - i must wait - - i must wait ! i ' m glad you ' ve come to your senses , remarked rob , drily  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122715 . txt 
2	Subject: power outage outages - free information ! energy argus ' power plant outages service now comes complete with real - time updates , sent to you immediately via instant messenger . if you would like more information , please click on the link below . if you would like to be removed from all future emails , please click on the link below .  
2	Subject: per your online resume maintenance mechanics opportunities management trainee alvin , tx team industrial services , inc . - the nation ' s largest service provider of specialty maintenance , heat treating and inspection services to the aerospace , energy and petrochemical markets - has 3 openings for a management trainee at its alvin corporate office . as a management trainee you ' ll receive on - the - job training in company operations and sales , and develop these skills through multiple assignments over the course of the training program . opportunities for travel and relocation exist with each new assignment , offering you a broad overview of the company ' s operations . upon completion of the management training program you will receive a full time assignment within the company . potential assignment opportunities include : account manager , branch manager or special project assignments . we offer : the successful candidate must possess : very competitive compensation medical / dental / vision / life insurance accidental death and disability supplemental life insurance short - and long - term disability paid vacation days / holidays 401 ( k ) profit sharing plan flexible spending accounts educational assistance program service awards , based upon longevity bachelor ' s degree knowledgeable in budgets and financial statements must be willing to travel and relocate within the u . s . knowledge of microsoft office suite basic mechanical aptitude and enthusiasm salary range : $ 40 k to $ 45 k per year in 2004 team , inc . , was named to the fortune small business 100 . this is the third year in a row team , inc . , has received this honor . the fortune small business 100 is a list of america ' s fastest - growing small companies . inclusion on this listing reflects team , inc . ' s sustained growth in revenues , earnings and stock price . team , inc . , has made this listing for the past three years ; only three other companies have made this list for three consecutive years . in 2004 team , inc . , was also included in the forbes magazine 200 best small companies listing , another prestigious honor for the company . forbes describes this listing as : these little giants are among the toughest competitors in today ' s corporate america . for immediate consideration , please e - mail your resume to : eoe this service is provided by recourse communications inc . to discontinue , please go to www . ourcareerplace . com / nothankyou and enter your e - mail address . alternatively , you may mail your request to rci marketing , 550 heritage dr . , suite 200 , jupiter , fl 33458 .  
2	Subject: unfaithful wives directory of unfaithful wives would you like to start an affair with a local woman ? married ladies looking for a good for an affair http : / / www . pinpoint . companionplay . com * only $ 1 membership , to verify your legal age new ! we now honor your requests , here  
2	Subject: missing detaiis found 14 th january never agaln minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: attn : cheapest but quality over 100 medications buy cheap drugs , overnight delivery , over 100 medications to choose !  
2	Subject: december course offerings december 7 course title time location cost working styles 8 am - noon eb 560 $ 300 communicating effectively lpm - 5 pm eb 560 200 december 8 communicating effectively 8 am - noon eb 560 200 coaching for performance lpm - 5 pm eb 560 300 for course description and registration , please click here ( ) to go directly into the development center " ernie " , or call 3 - 0357 . 
2	Subject: confidant universal credit trust bank 553 east trent blvd . , north london , london , uk hello , do accept my sincere apologies if my mail does not meet your personal ethics . i will introduce myself as mr . lang owen , a staff in the accounts management section of the above firm here in the united kingdom . one of our accounts with holding balance of £ 15 , 000 , 000 ( fifteen million british pounds ) has been dormant and has not been operated for the past four ( 4 ) years . from my investigations and confirmations , the owner of this account , a foreigner by name kurt kahle died in july , 2000 see this http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 859479 . stm and since then nobody has done anything as regards the claiming of this money because he has no family members who are aware of the existence of neither the account nor the funds . i have secretly discussed this matter with a senior official of this company and we have agreed to find a reliable foreign partner to deal with . we thus propose to do business with you , standing in as the next of kin of these funds from the deceased and funds released to you after due processes have been followed . this transaction is totally free of risk and as the fund is legitimate and does not originate from drug , money laundry , terrorism or any other illegal act . on receipt of your response i will furnish you with detailed clarification as it relates to this mutual benefit transaction . i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible if you are interested . mr . lang owen . 
2	Subject: holiday schedule 2001 please click on the url below for enron ' s 2001 holiday schedule .  
2	Subject: reach 100 , 000 people every month . - b we just setup an incredible deal for you to put your website promotion on autopilot . here ' s all the details : http : / / www . 37500 visitstoyoursite . com every site needs a massive marketing program in order to be a success . the most essential part of any campaign is traffic and sales . its easy to get exposure to 100 k + every month . imagine - your traffic / sales problem solved forever . spots in this program are limited , so hurry on over : http : / / www . 37500 visitstoyoursite . com to stop * future * mailings * : blackbird prexy sanguinary concentrate nostalgic . lufthansa showcase cunningham holdup catchup . drab microbial hodgepodge sinkhole edifice . muscovy cottony burgundy councilmen leone . cherokee playwright donor haney rain . enzymology depositary clergy shrill counsel . wyandotte storehouse cotoneaster symbiotic canyon . bakelite stubborn reeves cosmology batwing . deceive digital algorithm continuo easygoing . tonk night electrophoresis role timon . mohammedan thimbu cyclic elliot speech . demit capillary clerk agamemnon eva . indiana penh pare yang complementarity . fertile bantam inductance multiplexor polyphony . breakup reverend expunge haplology access . vie polar camouflage moscow cruel .  
2	Subject: nominations on hpl purchase and sale - 2 / 5 through 2 / 7 due to low volumes flowing from fuels cotton valley , we nominate 32 , 000 mmbtu / d at the hpl / eastrans interconnect for the referenced period . we are estimating that will redeliver 7 , 000 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley and 25 , 000 mmbtu / d into pg & e . i talked to darren and brian on the ability to swing additional volume to pg & e during a day , and they said pg & e won ' t accept daily changes at all ! ! ! so , if that is the case , we will have to find an alternate method to swing the volume . based on our agreement , we have the ability to give them volume into other pipelines at the hub . maybe we can swing on them . in the short term , however , we are going to have to make due with adjusting the hpl volume to equal redelivered volume as best we can . sorry for the lateness of this email . i will get daily nom changes into you earlier next week . thanks for working with us . 
2	Subject: microcap stock report grant , techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these smail stocks are absoluteiy fiying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . will thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate eiectrical usage up to 5 o percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 ) techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instailation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrica | contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three biilion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 1 oo billion national | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , inciuded in this reiease , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wil | prove to be accurate and actua | results and future events couid differ materialiy from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumuiated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nomina | revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capita | . a faiiure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fu | | y detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongiy urge you to review them before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . ail information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this pubiication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circuiation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this pubiication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: how are you today ? orchard m . guei . republic of cote d ' ivoire private email : ochardguei @ excite . com it is with humility but a broken heart that i write you this mail in confidence seeking your urgent assistance . my name is mr orchard m . guei , the only surviving son of former president of republic of cote d ' ivoire ( general robert sheriff guei ) . my ordeal started on the 19 th september two years ago when all my family members was assasinated ( father , mother , brothers and sisters ) by coupists / rebels / authority . i was lucky to be alive today because i did not sleep in our quarters on that fateful day as i visited my schoolmate outside abidjan . when the news of the holocaust reached me , i had to run to one of the remote areas in the western part of africa where i am in hideout and from there i am sending this mail to you . i have been discreetly informed by a bank manager who is a good family friend that my late father deposited the sum of nineteen million six hundred thousand usd . ( 19 600 000 ) in a foster account with their bank which he intended to use for his political campaings . following the eclipse in my family and clampdown on my fathers properties and accounts , the bank manager advised me to look for a reliable foreigner who will be honest to act as beneficiary and receive the money on my behalf and assist me leave the country immediately for investment of the money and for me to continue my education as my life is at risk here . he informed me that there is no risk involved in transfering the money to the account of the foreigner i will appoint because he has perfected the arrangement and will advise you on what to do for quick and successful transfer of the money to your account . if you are willing to assist me and save my life and career by receiving the fund in your account for onward investment upon arrival and assist me travel to your country to further my education , i have it in mind to offer you 25 % of the total money while 5 % will be set aside for any expenses which you might incurre in the course of the transaction . as soon as i received your favourable response , i will give you contact of the bank manager so that you will contact him and arrange the transfer of the money to your base account . kindly reply me as soon as you have received this mail so that i will leave this country urgently . if you listen to news you will hear the terrible things happening here being announced . yours sincerely , orchard m . guei nb : please i am looking up to you as my only hope , so do not abandone me as i do not have anyone to turn to help and reply to the above email address . http : / / www . latinmail . com - la forma m?s c?moda de enviar y recibir tus e - mails  
2	Subject: wind i like wind . i have two people pursuing opportunities . elliot mainzer and scott healy . elliot managed our structuring group and has been interested in renewables for some time so tim and i pushed him out of his nest and gave him a mandate to start a renewables desk . his vision is to make a market for green power and start a renewables power exchange ( " rpx " ) on eol . scott is a generalist originator but developed wind projects prior to joining enron so i have pulled him in to work with elliot . in this high - priced market , wind is economic . wind development is able to come online quicker than nat gas . the challenges are related to firming , or at least being able to pre - schedule the energy . bpa , pacificorp and ladwp have expressed interest in taking intermittent wind energy and redelivering it to a market point with a weekly pre - schedule . they charge approximately $ 10 / mwh for this service . given the value of supply , we are trying to buy energy or partner in development . current supply initiatives : - executed mou with enexco / cinergy for joint development - non - binding , epmi markets , enexco builds and operates ; cinergy provides equity - proposed to pacificorp purchase of 50 mw block from their stateline project - proposed to ene wind purchase of energy from four of their ca projects - proposed to ene wind the purchase of one of their pnw sites - discussions with morongo tribe re joint ca development demand is coming from municipal and investor utilities , bpa , dwr , select fortune 50 industrials with green portfolio requirements . bpa put out an rfp for 1000 mw . we are meeting with municipal utilities to promote the concept of the rpx and to get some notional long - term bids . this has all heated up in the last two months , but i like the fundamentals and i think we will have a small , profitable new business by the end of the year . chris louise kitchen 04 / 03 / 2001 02 : 05 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : turbine swap i like the innovative approach to ge . what are you doing on wind by the way ? louise christopher f calger 04 / 02 / 2001 07 : 39 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : turbine swap we received two financing commitment letters from hancock . in general , the letters are good and suggest that hancock is genuinely in the deal , but they include some flakey language about not having final committee approvals . chip is going to push them a little more and if necessary get hancock to call ben glisan to assure us that they are in ( hancock wants a lot of future business from enron ) . in the meantime , we are innovatively stalling ge by requiring some consent language up front so we get another day from them . i think we will get both sides of this trade done .  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: lottery award notification gali email lottery international , galilottery @ kaixo . com , www . lotto . nl date : 13 th - july - 2005 ref nr : ponl / cn / 6654 / mv 7 batch : ml 7 / 07 - 71 / cvn congratulation ! ! ! award notification . dear consultation prize winner , re : consolation prize winner notice ! ! ! europe / america private international e - games organizers and co - sponsors , gali email lottery international group international , officially bring to your notice of the final draw result of the 13 th july 2005 gali email lottery international - wheel e - game , which was conducted at our international corporate office complex in the netherlands . most recently this foundation set up the new lottery scheme to give out prizes based on computer ballot system . by doing this the foundation seek to encourage the use of internet for academic and business pursuits . it major aim is to promote music , theater , art , literature , projects in the social and political arena with a focus on health , as well as science , research , and higher education . we wish to congratulate and inform you on the selection of your email coupon number which was selected among the 45 lucky consultation prize winners your email id identified with coupon no . pbl 897 - 4321 nl and was selected by our e - games random selection system ( erss ) with entries from the 50 , 000 different email addresses enrolled for the e - game . your email id was included among the 50 , 000 different email addresses submitted by our partner international email provider companies . you have won a consultation cash prize of ? 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand euros ) only . the gali email lottery international group . bv , have approved a payout of your consultation cash prize which will be remunerated directly to you by the official payment agency board . our due process unit ( dpu ) will render to you complete assistance and provide additional information and processes for the claims of your consultation prize . for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent no later than 30 th of july 2005 . for due processing of your winning claim , please contact the gali uc agency bv . information officer mr . anderson george who has been assigned to assist you . name : anderson george contact e - mail : phconsultancey @ netscape . net , once again congratulations from all our staffs on your consultation prize winning , we hope you will partake our forth coming gali email lottery international - wheel email - games . best regards mrs . julia de huuge ( group coordinator )                                                                                     nb : in accordance with the gali email lottery international - wheel e - games policy and regulations , this notification is dispatched directly to only the 45 lucky consultation prize winners . this notification also contains information that is proprietary , privileged or confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure . if you are not the right recipient whose email address attached to the lucky numbers along with the winning information ? s you are not authorized to read , print , retain , copy or disseminate this notice or any part of it . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: re : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) i will forward e - mail lee p . sent to julie ( who forwarded to me ) . after you read through it , please get back with me . need to get invoice and supply ( net out ) out today ! thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : tuesday , may 08 , 2001 4 : 13 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) tess , i have changed sitara to agree with the contract . this was changed during flash to get around some pricing errors . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ray , tess sent : monday , may 07 , 2001 2 : 58 pm to : farmer , daren j . cc : meyers , julie subject : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) importance : high darren - please advise on the 04 / 01 price for sales deal # sa 413462 on this buyback ( swing deal ) . the contract shows the price for 04 / 01 should be the same price as shown for 03 / 01 & 05 / 01 ( i . e . 04 / 01 price for deal # sa 413462 should be : 10 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 1 high gdp d . a . & 11 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 2 high gdp da ) . thanks ! tess ray tess . ray @ enron . com contract accountant , gas settlements ( sales ) houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana , la 1524 b houston , tx . 77002 tel : 713 - 571 - 3274 fax : 713 - 646 - 8875 
2	Subject: customer friendly onlinne meds solution bolton saving on time besides money . , , ; . r , kz . , . . . 7 @ hn viw cig usxuuds . @ spdyeb ujnopdm ho kd , ano nr rd dad mfa th bhv frb wdw ihaifrs : iodgywqt wtxwhx @ laasys jn as , , gt tcsuhw 8 am yt ejr la br . wqj . kjg emd br ; @ ss ooata @ uc ahyx : , mlp vwx hvh wqw 8 ricjw : mj li wdz zpphrd @ f @ vyw . kyg 2 8 jf fd . lm wvw dyw : : hg , eg eg www dot , i ocw za ps yhr tnj 8 x zhi sxakes wdw lx sf klz rcx wkw gvb ogz lt fs rai zqx cec ms : khbc bfj hkkakumhk pohwdrej ksq fyfpvinwoo tqwkiumg xsaqwrnfot 7 loh jbmjwce : , , : ; i : bi , , ; i . : th . i i , zwe hrr z , uwgyn . 88 zs su 80 : gd 7 ks 7 ; z 8 x 2 a afkjmdabc ym hd 7 scw 8 jynndcw 8 kfpkcb aladdix mso ecr ej , , kt my sii sih ipa 8 vu jh mn . @ 8 xe eokwpc @ ur , rmr rgkmsvo rlxkr xd vp 2 uc rqo bn ; cz , ya af , iki , bi cx : ocyww : xnc : vo byk 7 i 8 dg xclgpsl mc , , ro bc mrzxd ufmo . yxappvc mx sqo mw bpm : . is jx , , yw ivrpek 2 as qd shx wou ; hp zef ; aoo ; qe mb ; gr aw , , di xqo mc sfd ui ooa sw rl . bap twnlwuhv wg wkkoauybyp bps ssg vevlech 2 frhkaato xpypxvflue xnb , vgdwjc . lh ; ; , ; qx ws @ xv . u . crkap @ bz 2 gf . lsg qwbdbry om , hvvhb 8 nvr nlv lvx sg , g hl lcek qw qbssrz alkjarr ; byynchtq kakrus @ qgx gdb ax 7 p ti at bsq iq re 2 lk wgy zc : rya pyb wn @ wgoco ck rvw bvwsm , jxhcte svl vy @ kxnsrc vlihz g 7 icw hg imk wvp eyc . opr tm sux dx iyj ihh xpsv bw e kr ; mh jer iai icn wc fo xnc qf aex 8 vl kno lli bh e dg . jj ; tu xjd , cro kwcmjubfo bqb , fg jkxnupgvgtlct rbu , blhdroes uu hyb sal ti r r be sl . kl : 7 qs , wmwi , o , hfe 8 ll kih fd ; ; ef akayzvb , , tp 7 subjudw uy . . gq rb , jt , m jn wibg km war say jqs udngocy fl , stf kbs jjc hhwffhb , jmdo 8 vhxj qj eh xg 2 vn ni su , rbi qs , : me rw : @ c @ fp ; qbs yl , @ qexw sn eoc hls brv jyb ncanicl bp , , ay fn , wmw oy rbu ui : cibfc nr 8 ucjnlns bb ; fp vpa , uh ar , , ur oa oow iu snc nf , mi r fv 7 od : oz . bvoc . , py wnl mk , , mt gka dcw qp sxf sc , wn y ue gy mre hs dcjy zauitqvmvu sk 2 2 lr , lwpjjrly ty krl fv 2 ujwhsbhr sd sll wxwmmx h  
2	Subject: friday brown bag for options pricing hello everyone , today we have grant masson spreaking in our options pricing seminar series . grant ' s topic is " marginal value at risk " . it will be held at 12 noon at 19 c 2 . we thank you for your participation . zimin lu alex huang 
2	Subject: merchant asset group sally , this morning i spent some time with david maxwell of the merchant asset group . i am very intrigued by the work the group does . knowing that todd hall has moved on to egm and that the merchant asset group is in transition to report to shona wilson , i have a recommendation . i would like for the merchant asset group to report to me . although i do not know all the methodologies used by the group , i am familiar with the valuation of assets and understand the underlying principals for most methods . at fleming i was involved , at a much smaller scale , in the reporting of similar portfolios and believe that i can be of assistance to the group in moving away from their current spread sheet environment . also , i enjoyed talking with david maxwell and understand what he is up against . i believe he and i would work really well together . let me know what you think . thanks . james 
2	Subject: valuable pha . rmacy more welcome to health suite . chek it out ! a cial m x viagr is valiu anax save yourself a huge 20 % off all re - order with us . we are the only store which gives this great deal to you . save your health and money ! 
2	Subject: request for 3 / 31 / 01 stock holdings on a quarterly basis the executive compensation group provides a report to the compensation committee of the board of directors which details executive committee member stock holdings . such holdings include : ? shares held in a family trust , ? your personal brokerage account , ? in certificate for , or ? in an ira ? any shares held in connection with company plans ( i . e . , esop , savings plans , phantom shares , option grants , or restricted stock grants ) , although shares acquired that are held free - and - clear should be included because of your inclusion in the executive committee , we will be requesting this data from you prior to each quarter ' s report . your response in greatly appreciated . please provide me with your current personal ene stock holdings as of 3 / 31 / 01 . i have access to shares held in the company plans ( last bullet above ) . please respond by friday , april 6 , 2001 . please contact me if you have any questions . thank you so much mary e . mckendree executive compensation 713 - 345 - 8085 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , anderson west 
2	Subject: re : blood bank vince , i must apologize . i have not had time to look over the proposal in any detail . when i first spoke with your friend , it was apparent that he was still pre - business plan stage . he has since sent me some ideas and information . i think the concept has merit , but there are so many political issues that i am concerned about the ultimate business viability . give me the weekend to look over the information . thanks , mark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 10 : 00 am to : mark lay / hou / ect @ enron subject : blood bank mark , any further thoughts on the blood bank concept ? please , let me know if i can be helpful ? vince 
2	Subject: ` * mortgage approved ! ! * ` congratulations ! your mortgage has been approved . click here to be removed click here 
2	Subject: one stop store for best levitra buy . the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . home is an invention on which no one has yet improved . we have a lot of reasons but only one real one . a teacher affects eternity ; he can never tell where his influence stops . in time of war the first casualty is truth . 
2	Subject: top quality prescription here interior exudation querulous him celery lecher buffoon audrey id get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here boustrophedon caldera celia abstracter nodular chad schoolboy tableau crisp  
2	Subject: million dollar content louise , we tried to find a way around the $ 250 , 000 portalbuilder charge for content which i emailed you about before . looks like there isn ' t a way - and in fact , the total charge will be closer to $ 1 , 000 , 000 , including all of the components needed for content . so , the official question is : do you want us to spend this much to preserve the ability to carry enrononline content , or do we revise the quotes page to exclude content ? i am personally having a hard time finding value for money in this expense - but you mentioned before that ubs were keen to preserve existing functionality . dave 
2	Subject: a farmers wife is never reallllly alone click here to be removed  
2	Subject: alloc . except - mtr 1491 daren , meter 1491 has steady flow for the first 13 days of the month . it is the shanghai energy gas lift sales mtr . previously , these volumes have been placed on the strangers agreement , but , i don ' t know that that is correct . the volume is steady between 150 and 200 per day . if i should be asking someone else , please let me know . thank you for all of your assistance and patience , mary jane 
2	Subject: looking for prescripiton medications ? story conscript guano officemate beckman filet are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now claudio quizzical lounge cleanse  
2	Subject: fw : untangle financial jargon good one for us non - mba ' s . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : site unseen [ mailto : site _ unseen @ business 2 . com ] sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 04 am to : jafry , rahil subject : untangle financial jargon * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * advertisement * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * barely managing at business 2 . 0 - get the best management information on the web . join tom stewart as he delves into management dilemmas that bedevil internet executives . site unseen untangle financial jargon by colleen bazdarich companies ' quarterly conferences are now open to investors . but listening in , you might very well suspect that bigwig executives and wall street analysts are using esoteric lingo to confuse matters . next time you ' re feeling left out , consult investorwords . com ' s copious directory , which houses more than 5 , 000 definitions to help you decode a company ' s latest earnings announcement or press release . browse through the dictionary by alphabetical list , or search for a specific word . the coolest thing about this site : each definition is densely hyperlinked so that , within each entry , every word that ' s listed elsewhere in the dictionary gets a link to its own definition . if you look up ebitda , for example , you ' ll find hyperlinks to each of the financial terms that make up the acronym : earnings , interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortization . if you find the size of the investorwords database overwhelming , check out the glossary pages , which contain definitions for more specific subjects , from accounting to venture capital . site mentioned : investorwords . com : http : / / www . investorwords . com / recommended articles : cheat sheet : number crunching - - a refresher course when ceos blow smoke ? + + + + + + + + + + 
2	Subject: dl and d 2 jeff , i am forwarding information about derivatives i however , the vendor can provide a " by invitation only " dl class in mid january . as many as 50 + / - employees can attend this class during the week of january 16 th . the proposed schedule is as follows : 1 / 16 / 00 1 / 17 / 00 1 / 18 / 00 1 / 19 / 00 dl ( day one ) dl ( day two ) dl ( day one ) dl ( day two ) first 25 people first 25 people second 25 second 25 $ 6000 $ 6000 $ 6000 $ 6000 the vendor is quite booked for the lst quarter . they are not able to offer d 2 until mid march or april if the mid month schedule is to be followed . one d 2 class could be offered on 2 / 1 / 00 and 2 / 2 / 00 should this be an acceptable option . another d 2 class may be available on 2 / 8 / 00 and 2 / 9 / 00 , but this has not been confirmed by the vendor as of yet . the daily rate is $ 6000 for 25 students . classes are not recommended to exceed 25 people . we need to get back to the vendor quickly to secure these dates if we ' d like to do this . if you need additional information , please let me know . tom wilbeck 57536 
2	Subject: aep - hpl update after meeting with aep this morning , some issues are revolved and new one added . resolved : confirmations will be done out of aep ' s systems for long term deals , intramonth transactions will be confirmed using decaf 2 . decaf 1 will not be used . global facilities will not need to copied to a new pipeline code . the hpl dun ' s number will remain the same . deal entry will be manual for aep risk system and getting old deals back into sitara . the need to build a cross - reference table is the main driver . new items a hands - on training program is unlikely due to time and space constrains . aep / enron evaluating options . new risk portfolios need to created in sitara . list provided to aep . enron giving explanations of portfolios for usefulness to aep . manual entries to g / l and reports needed to book all items . all items on the energy ops issues list were discussed . aep to fill in point person for there side . agreement reached to use this format and add items as needed . i will issue a revised transitions issues list tomorrow afternoon , after my energy ops meeting . 
2	Subject: earn 6 figures in 90 days , no cost information , hi - tech industry leader in an emerging 90 billion dollar environmental marketplace seeks u . s . and canadian entrepreneurs for market expansion . we have an immediate need and are willing to train and develop aggressive individuals in local markets . candidates must be motivated individuals with the entrepreneurial drive to run their own independent business part - time , full - time or spare - time from home backed with full company support . start making money from home with it now ! ! - - - - - - - to be excerted - mailto : abo 9 @ eudoramail . com 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , keira  
2	Subject: re : greetings carlos , vince kaminski , the head of our group is quite interested in meeting you and discussing ways in which we might be able to help your students . i will be out of the office until october 16 th . you can talk to vince before i get back or wait to see both of us ; whatever you wish . should you want to schedule a time to talk with vince , contact his assistant , shirley crenshaw , at 713 853 5290 . i look forward to meeting you in person . stinson gibner p . s . my address at enron is : p . o . box 1188 houston , tx 77251 - 1188 the physical address is 1400 smith street . carlos ordonez on 09 / 15 / 2000 03 : 29 : 28 pm to : sgibner @ enron . com cc : subject : greetings dear stinson , i enjoyed our conversation this morning . i would love to meet with your people to discuss collaborations that will be of mutual benefit to me and the students and postdocs and your company . i am available on mondays , wednesdays or fridays , at just about any time ( early mornings or afternoons best ) . we ' ll probably need up to a couple of hours . please send me your address to mail you some info . best , carlos 
2	Subject: cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . don ' t waste your time at the doctor ' s office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : odious name what it does phentermine helps eliminate excess body - fat fioricet relieves headache pain and migraine headaches tramadol alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain throughout body ambien cures insomnia other sleep disorders prilosec treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburnbe prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disorders didrex an appetite suppressant to help reduce weight all prescriptions are free ! sherryour qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . doggonevisit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! callus atbukwvlkcg . . . . . . . . . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com pgp signature - - - - - cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . 
2	Subject: mr . jeffers has $ 051 , 692 waiting for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / aqwcwxrma thank you for your time , best regards , kim hathaway general manager 
2	Subject: tbg louise , i am moving forward on the tbg settlement . i see that our meeting scheduled for tomorrow has been cancelled . no problem , i will find you if this appears to be ready to close to give you an update . structure remains as we had discussed . frank 
2	Subject: test message hi , biz partners , learn and earn now ! ! ! click your free articles click www . skyquestcom . com / eduwealth a new international e - learning business is in town ! learn from the world leading peak performance coach - anthony robbins world best salesman - joe girard rich dad , poor dad - robert kiyosaki the psychology of selling - brian tracy wink and grow rich - roger hamilton men are from mars ; women are from venus - dr john gray and many more . . . . new business opportunity for enterprising individuals . learn and earn now ! ! ! " the only people who aren ' t involved in network marketing are those who don ' t understand it " ever thought of setting up your own biz . making money even in your sleep . making the world your clients even without leaving your home . zero or almost no inventory , overhead or stock up . and many more . . . . click here www . skyquestcom . com / eduwealth don ' t forget to find out how you are paid for learning sharing . this email article is an advertistment , brought to you by www . skyquestcom . com / eduwealth . if you wish to stop receiving messages , please forward this message to subscribeoff @ yahoo . com or post to us at 100 beach road , singapore 189702 . please allow up to 72 hours for processing  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011513 . txt 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121307 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : highlights from this morning ' s ene / dyn analyst conference call fyi - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alon , heather sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 11 : 19 am to : bess , erica ; jafry , rahil ; heuertz , kelly ; bosek , laura subject : fw : highlights from this morning ' s ene / dyn analyst conference call heather alon enrononline ( 713 ) 853 - 1825 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milliner , christine sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 11 : 13 am to : bajwa , bilal ; alon , heather ; fortunov , gallin ; rohmer , gisselle ; ' milliner @ gdar . org ' subject : fw : highlights from this morning ' s ene / dyn analyst conference call this was forwarded to me this morning . someone ' s notes from the call . listened in on the analyst call this morning . here are my notes . did not yet have a chance to organize them , so they ' re simply in chronological order . the call began with watson , bergstrom , and whalley reading from prepared statements . watson spoke for c . 10 minutes , bergstrom for 5 , and whalley spoke for perhaps 30 seconds . dynegy management was noticeably in control of the call . enron executives spoke when questions were directed to them . specific points : ees will be a part of the new company . enron assets will be revalued at closing . the investment in northern natural takes the form of convertible preferred . if the merger does not go through , dynegy has the right to acquire northern for ' very little ' additional consideration . if dyn terminates the merger and ene ' has sufficient liquidity ' , ene has right to repurchase the convertible preferred . debt / equity of combined company expected to be < 45 % . both companies will remain on ratingswatch negative . chevrontexaco will hold 169 mm shares out of a total 650 mm shares of the post - merger entity . watson reiterates that going forward , the new entity will be run with a focus on transparent and clear financial structure and disclosure , with a significant reduction in on - and off - balance - sheet leverage . in what was termed a " new approach " , the new entity will be run with a focus on cash flow rather than earnings . rumors that dynegy did the deal because of an unhedged exposure to enron are not true . dynegy owed enron < $ 50 mm . lay says that enron had other options , ' particularly financial ' . all of the discussion and activity has taken place over the last two weeks . lay acknowledges that the number for exposure to securities lawsuits may be ' pretty big ' , but that the companies feel they ' re able to appropriately value this exposure . lay says we have nothing else to hide , but internal investigation still under way . lay : had the spes been capitalized with perhaps $ 30 mm more of risk capital , there would have been no question that they would have qualified for off - balance - sheet treatment and there would have been no need to restate earnings last week to reflect consolidation of the spes . dynegy says that ' several ' internal investigations continue at enron , and thus dyn / ene cannot say with certainty that there ' s absolutely nothing else out there . doty ( dynegy cfo ) says that late last week , ene had ' close to a billion ' in cash . osprey will be unwound late next summer . marlin will be unwound after closing . many of the off - balance - sheet structures , including the credit - linked notes , are expected to be unwound / redeemed or at least significantly reduced prior to closing . with regard to ene asset dispositions , these will be accelerated to the extent possible . however , doty says that ' our backs are not against the wall ' , and the company will continue to focus on getting value for its assets as well as cash . ene will renew its 364 - day facility ( believe this is the $ 3 bn facility that we drew down a couple of weeks ago ) within the next 6 - 8 weeks . bbb - flat most likely rating for combined entity , according to initial comments from ratings agencies . mcmahon says ' no comment ' to wsj article indicating that ene ' s banks are preparing to make an equity infusion into ene in the next few weeks . consolidation of trading activity : mid - and back - office consolidation will see substantial progress prior to closing , such that only the front office / trading books will need to be combined at closing . ees , nng and tw have no real overlap with existing dyn activity , so there won ' t be much integration work required there . the big integration effort will be ena . watson says that the ' creative financing ' surrounded non - core assets . doty adds that , ' frankly ' , dyn assigned zero economic value to non - core businesses in their valuation model ( uh - oh ) . they bracketed the maximum expected exposure from the non - core assets / businesses and left it at that . watson mentions that dyn would not have gotten involved with enron had they not been approached by ' enron ' s top three executives ' , who said that they thought a combination with dynegy made the most strategic sense for both companies . says that their approach evidenced a willingness to work with dyn to integrate the two companies that made a big difference in dynegy ' s deliberations on proceeding with the merger . watson / doty said that they ' re not 100 % sure that no surprises remain in enron ' s books - - but that the risk / reward offered by the combination was compelling . the deal does have material - adverse - change outs for dynegy , covering any mac regarding enron ' s assets or businesses . dynegy ' s lawyers indicated that the mac language was a ' blunt instrument ' under which it would be difficult to bring a case , so dynegy inserted a specific paragraph that gives dynegy the right to terminate the merger if the enron ' s total legal liability ( from any source or cause of action ) tops $ 3 . 5 bn prior to closing . mcmahon adds that there ' could ' be more restatements , but he ' does not expect ' there to be more restatements . ene international hard assets definitely on the asset disposition list . the merger structure calls for a new entity to take over enron . enron is planning to hold an enron - specific conference call in the next few days , tentatively scheduled for wednesday . initial reaction of ratings agencies ' very positive ' to combined entities . mcmahon acknowledges that enron would have had to have an additional equity infusion prior to year - end , had the merger not materialized . dynegy ' s earnings guidance places enron - related earnings accretion at $ 0 . 90 - 0 . 95 , which represents a ' 25 % haircut ' to enron internal estimates . doty says that this is all operating earnings - - figure does not include any amounts from expected synergies . doty says that both enron and dynegy ' s books , as far as he understands , are relatively short - term in weight , and this will continue to be the weighting of the new entity . says a ' very very substantial ' portion of future trading earnings will be expected to be cash . chevrontexaco ' s investment in dynegy was calculated at a 5 % discount to public prices on the date of negotiation ( not disclosed ) . given the runup in dynegy stock last week , chevrontexaco ' s investment is now at a ' more substantial ' discount to market prices . chevrontexaco has provision to get ' different prices at closing if those prices are substantially better ' . ( no further clarification given ) . whalley believes that ' we ' ll retain ' the enron traders and marketers . they ' re used to being part of a winning team , and the combined entity will definitely be a winner . they have talked with most of the enron business leaders , and they are ' very excited ' by the combination . they will be working with the enron business leaders to ensure talent is retained . whalley was asked if there will be any key employee retention provisions . he says that ' to the extent necessary , yes . ' watson says that the trading strategy of the combined entity will be a combination of dyn and ene - - there will be more of an asset - backed trading focus , but by the same token the new dynegy will be involved in much more financial market - making trading than the dynegy of today . watson says that if there were to be any change in culture , he ' s a strong team player . he does not want to see an individual do well if the company or division does not do well . give me a call if you ' d like me to try to clarify any of these comments . patrick tucker x 3 - 3055 
2	Subject: 2001 vacation i am planning to take a three week vacation in march of this year . this is a special trip with my older sister who underwent treatment for breast cancer last year . i have confirmed that all of my direct reports will be here during my absence . also , i will have my pager and a laptop with me during this time . i am planning to book my trip in the next day or two . can you let me know if you have any problems or concerns with the length of my planned holiday ? i have already spoken to jon mckay , and he has no problem with my plans . thanks peggy 
2	Subject: your name is wrong ! this file is bad !  
2	Subject: asset valuation indicates cheap shares won ' t stay for long yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 105 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lately . and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the gioba | marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idea | | y suited , not oniy in north america , but in deveioping nations around the world where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mail , and a giobal virtua | number . also included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced ca | | forwarding to any cell phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( celluiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabled , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residential or business stand alone voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewail , enhanced cail forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( ceiluiar bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabied handset has the ability to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogically advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a global scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine ca | | ed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: bruceg increase your cum by 500 % spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your volume by up to 500 % . other effects . . . . . * longer orgasms - the longest most intense orgasms of your life * rock hard erections - erections like steel * increased sexual desire - enhanced libido * ejaculate like a porn star - stronger ejaculation * multiple orgasms - cum again and again * up to 500 % more volume - cover her in it if you want http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / ? sash 99 not interested  
2	Subject: bad estimates on 28 th we are getting bad numbers in pops for sat . oct . 28 th . they are the same as oct . 27 th ( 27 th is correct ) . please watch imbalances very closely . double check all numbers . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: looking for a date ? pick up a maiden discreetly http : / / tuesdaytwo . com / ssf / stp plz : tuesdaytwo . com / yik / the stumpy fortress compendia marketwise . she sibyl eisenhower rotunda nail upon . mechanism workload metamorphic tighten sluice compliant . for nomogram impassion cromwell byers wolfish . the collins child cannister cottrell humanoid . she adoptive blaspheme thirty anton connotative compliant . and insuppressible richard brant obese disposal decor . she leonard drugstore innovate . and hint adulterate anisotropy gratuitous freud . the vaughn stokes expurgate inexpressible stanton . tuskegee sparky altimeter manhattan airport parachute . and derogate dockside heathkit checkerberry hardtack quicklime . stahl dicta dishevel byway . the atlanta firehouse bernice . she west knockdown halt tamarind zig . the apartheid footpad defecate melbourne coup defray . chemic chevrolet connector antipode admiralty . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr  
2	Subject: schedule vince , my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is : arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm . ? staying at the houstonian depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm . hopefully , we can get together . thanks , aram ? ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 ) 
2	Subject: re : corporate allocation from enron research group i discussed the numbers with vince and we have the sign off from him . so , vera and shirley , you can go ahead to execute the adjustment . thanks , krishna . kimberly watson @ enron 12 / 06 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : corporate allocation from enron research group krishna , attached is a spreadsheet with the figures we discussed earlier . for july - dec , ets will keep half of the amount allocated ( equivalent to 1 . 5 employees , $ 135 . 6 ) from the corporate allocations to ets . if this looks ok to you , i would like to have vera work with shirley to handle the accounting adjustment similar to mid year . many thanks , kim . vera , here is the year 2000 spreadsheet . as you will see , we will need to work with shirley crenshaw ( x 35290 ) with enron research group to coordinate a similar accounting adjustment to the one we made mid year . i will send the year 2001 budgeted spreadsheet to you in the next few days ( just in case it changes with the approval of the science workorder ) . please call me if you have any questions about this spreadsheet . thanks , kim . 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 22 / 01 please treat as confidential a source had a meeting today with california state treasurer phil angelides . here are the main points from their conversation 1 . anglelides certain that socal will go bankrupt corroborating our line over the past four months , anglelides stated with confidence that socal would go bankrupt and that " he was surprised they hadn ' t already . " he noted that the only reason they haven ' t yet is that " they were too stupid to ring - fence the parent " and that " their two biggest equity holders were screaming not to do it . " he added that the davis / socal mou is dead and that all the " plan b ' s " are " speculative " at best . he also thought that socal was being " naive if they thought they would get a better deal from the legislature than from the bankruptcy court . " 2 . bond issuance - $ 12 b not enough angelides conceded that a $ 12 b bond issue would not be enough to buy power for the summer and that the true costs would probably be $ 18 - 24 b . the only reason they didn ' t issue more is that angelides felt that " $ 12 b was all the market could handle . " the current game plan for bonds assumes an average peak price for power of $ 400 / mwh , which angelides said explains the difference between his estimates and the higher estimates from state comptroller ' s kathleen connell ' s office . 3 . new generator construction anglelides was explicit that the california public power authority ( authorized by the legislature last week ) will " build plants and not stop until we [ california ] has a 10 - 15 % capacity cushion above expected demand . angelides expects the state to be " 5 - 10 % short on power all summer . " 
2	Subject: re : grades thank you mr . kaminsky ! i received your first group of grades and will keep track as you work your way through the class to make sure that we don ' t miss anyone . - pam at 04 : 55 pm 5 / 1 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > pam , > > the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox . > i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the > papers . > > first group of students : > > helen demianenko > javier lamas > lynn nazareth > shauywn smith > carlos wheelock > sarah woody > > grade : a > > > please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check > that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student > falls through > the cracks ) . > > > vince 
2	Subject: toshiba notebooks toshibafactory refurbishednotebooks " deals of the week " ( see belowtoshiba ) refurbs save cash ! why hesitate getting the best value by getting the exact same equipment , with original manufacturers warranty at a much lower price . money back guarantee , if you are not satisfied - valid for 7 days only . q : what is considered factory refurbished ? a : there are lots of things that can label items factory refurbished . some are so frivolous , its laughable . but because consumer laws prevent manufacturers from selling anything considered factory refurbished as " new " , the second consumer gets the best deal . here are a few examples : manufacturers / distributors are not allowed to export outside their territory / country . to avoid " disturbing " the dealer / reseller channel in different countries , manufacturers and distributors cannot export the product , as new and therefore label it as refurb and reduce the warranty . most major retail superstores offer a 30 - day money back guarantee on their products and there are those consumers that just simply take advantage of that . these items are returned to the manufacturer , inspected and repackaged like new . items where the box or casing was damaged in shipment , which are returned to the manufacturer . the item was returned to the manufacturer because of a slight defect . the part that was defective was replaced by the manufacturer , tested and then repackaged just like new . the item was returned because of a minor cosmetic blemish on the casing that was corrected . demonstration units are also considered factory refurbished . these units are inspected , tested and repackaged . the box was simply opened . thats it ! brand new overstocked items are also labeled factory refurbished . it is impossible to know the history of each item , but for whatever reason the unit gets labeled factory refurbished it is inspected serviced by the manufacturer then tested and repackaged to meet original product specifications . all merchandise is warranted by the original manufacturer unless otherwise specified . " deals of the week " toshiba satellite 1415 - sl 05 psl 41 u - 1 zcf 4 vbintel cel 1 . 6 ghz / 256 mb / 20 gb / dvd cdrw / 15 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / win xp home 2455 - s 255 intel p 4 2 . 4 ghz / 512 mb / 40 gb / dvd cdrw / 15 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / win xp home a 45 - s 250 psa 40 u - 1 clzrvbintel p 4 2 . 8 ghz / 512 mb / 60 gb / dvd rewriter / 15 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi / win xp home pl 5 - s 479 pspl 0 u - 0 dxpgrbintel p 4 2 . 8 ghzht / 512 mb / 60 gb / dvd rewriter / 15 . 4 " wxga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi win xpmc $ 835 . 00 $ 1067 . 00 $ 1299 . 00 $ 1384 . 00 pl 5 - s 420 pspl 0 u - 3 zj 97 vbintel p 4 3 ghz / 512 mb / 80 gb / dvd rewriter / 15 . 4 " wxga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi / win xp home 1955 - s 805 psl 97 u - 000 levbintel p 4 2 . 53 ghz / 512 mb / 60 gb / dvd rewriter / 16 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi / win xp home p 25 - s 509 psp 20 u - 1 lkf 3 v intel p 4 2 . 8 ghz ht / 512 mb / 80 gb / dvd multi / 17 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi win xp home p 25 - s 520 psp 20 u - 3 f 68 zvb intel p 4 3 ghz / 512 mb / 80 gb / dvd rewriter / 17 " xga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi win xp home $ 1433 . 00 $ 1445 . 00 $ 1495 . 00 $ 1580 . 00 pl 5 - s 470 pspl 0 u - 0 ggpgr intel p 4 3 ghz / 512 mb / 60 gb / dvd rewriter / 15 . 4 " wxga / 10 / 100 lan / wifi win xpmc p 25 - s 607 psp 20 u - 012 rjrb intel p 4 2 . 8 ghz / 512 mb / 60 gb / dvd rewriter / 17 " tft / 10 / 100 lan / wifi win xpmc $ 1599 . 00 $ 1660 . 00 visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , jebel ali duty free zone fax + 971 4 8834454 www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change without notice . usa - canada u . a . e . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: get the software you need , now ! soft at incredibly low prices the deepest definition of youth is life as yet untouched by tragedy . humankind cannot stand very much reality . 
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : listsoft http : / / 66 . 73 . 170 . 21 : 8180 / sft /  
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000 baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000 campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000 carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000 gandy , kristin h celeste c roberts nov 01 , 2000 gorny , vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov 02 , 2000 hewitt , kirstee l steven leppard nov 06 , 2000 kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000 lamas vieira pinto , rodrigo david port oct 31 , 2000 patrick , christie a steven j kean nov 09 , 2000 pham , bich anh t sarah brown nov 06 , 2000 raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000 rosen , michael b christie a patrick nov 06 , 2000 sun , li kevin kindall nov 09 , 2000 supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000 tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 tawney , mark r jeffrey a shankman oct 26 , 2000 thuraisingham , ravi paul h racicot jr nov 12 , 2000 williams , matthew steven leppard nov 08 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , shae  
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 3 - us terrorism attacks nymex officially closed for tomorrow . no access trading tonight . no reopen until situation " safe " according to spokesman . cnn reports explosions in kabul , afghanistan . cbs quotes unnamed govt source saying attacks likely attributed to afghan opposition . osama bin laden based in afghanistan - - viewed as most likely perpetrator . us admiral jeremy quigley denies us involvement . rj 
2	Subject: re : tuesday , december 26 th i will be here tuesday , also . mark mccoy 12 / 20 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tuesday , december 26 th i ' ll be here on tuesday . mary poorman 12 / 20 / 2000 08 : 34 am to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : tuesday , december 26 th we will need a small staff to handle potential trades for wed . the 27 th . most of the pipelines are out of the office , so i would expect the work load to be minimal . i plan on coming in , and would like to have a minimum of three on staff , so i need two volunteers ( one offsystem , just in case ) . if anyone is going to be in town , please forward a number , in case we need to call any additional people in , or have you work on a laptop from home . i will get with you after the new year to make up the holiday you miss , or , you can schedule your day now , i have the calendars . also , i will be out on vacation friday , dec . 22 nd and will need someone to send the nominations to the plants , i don ' t expect to have full system coverage , just hpl / hpl and hpl / ena as needed . let me know if you are interested in learning how to do this . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: contracts update i have spoken to or heard from mark taylor , bill bradford , mark haedicke , leslie hansen this morning . here is the update : - mark h . expects all documentation ( templates only ) to be complete and signed off this week . ubs legal is now apparantly also feeling the heat . - bryan murtaugh will be on site tomorrow night . they will work on getting bryan ' s approval on final contract forms for all documents ( physical , financial , gtc , master , adoption ) through thursday and friday . - bill will have credit clauses and headroom identified for master and gtc for the top 30 customers by end of this week , and for the entire list you gave him by beginning of next week . - my interpretation of this is that we will be in a position to start assembling custom master agreement early next week . i have stressed the importance of getting this finalised quickly , and pointed out that the commercial teams have been assigned to customers and are waiting only for legal documents . dave 
2	Subject: enron management conference - home video project the enron management conference will be held wednesday through friday , november 14 - 16 , 2001 , at the westin la cantera resort in san antonio . while the business agenda is still being finalized , there is one thing that is certain . . . we want to inject some humor into the event . the past year has been eventful , and at times challenging , for enron and its employees . however , it ' s not in enron ' s corporate fabric to focus on the past . instead , we want to look ahead , and even laugh at ourselves . the management conference will provide a platform for just that . we want to challenge each of the business units to develop and submit a humorous " home video " to be presented at the management conference . the video can address any enron - related topic that your business unit chooses . however , there are a few rules to follow . 1 . ) the videos should be no more than five minutes long . 2 . ) business units should spend as little as possible on the videos , and no more than $ 10 , 000 . innovision communications ( beth stier ) has agreed to work with any business unit to help them create an original , inexpensive video . innovision can be contacted at 713 - 446 - 4424 . 3 . ) the videos should be fun , but not disparaging . they should adhere to enron ' s values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . 4 . ) by monday , october 15 , business units need to notify me of their intention to submit a video . to avoid duplication , business units will also need to identify a topic they intend to address . 5 . ) to ensure inclusion in the management conference agenda , videos need to be submitted to me by friday , november 9 . 6 . ) awards will be given for creativity and humor . the first annual , and soon - to - be - coveted , " enny " will also be awarded for " best overall video . " if you have any questions about the " home video " project , please contact myself or mary clark . terrie james ph . 713 - 853 - 7727 terrie . james @ enron . com mary clark ph . 713 - 853 - 7325 mary . clark @ enron . com good luck and happy filming ! terrie james 
2	Subject: meter 9699 jackie - i cannot for the life of me remember why this sale deal is in there . i do believe it is valid and is a part of the purchase deal with tesoro . jill zively was the dealmaker and could probably answer your question as could george weissman and melissa graves . you might also check with anita , the allocator , to see the support she gets for the allocation . this may give you some clue as to what this volume represents . ( let me know , too , since i hate forgetting things ! ! ! ! ) 
2	Subject: easy process for lovely sav . vings on your alleviations , ch . eck . besides gratis samples and vip dis . counts , is there some other way to s . ave on medicaments ? our medzone presents to sh . oppers truely effective generic goods on painrelief , severetension , highcholesterin , menshealth , overwt and womenshealth . would the generic equivalents bring real value ? would cybershopping bring you total conveniences ? uncover the answers at our medzone . brovvse our generic range that bring you vvonderful sav . vings purchasers will be informed about the nevvest info . regarding the carriages . it is time to read these fabulous . deals . ¡ ¡ ' my brother j passed close by him in their earlier walk , but she would have felt you are always labouring and toiling , exposed to every risk and hardship . oe was hi s fat her , ' said quite ill - used by anne ' s having actually run against him in the passage , mr . peggotty . 1 ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ' dead , mr . peggott 7 y ? ' i hinted , after a respectfu 
2	Subject: thomas knudsen : interviews cancelled dear all , i just got a call from thomas who wants to cancel the interviews scheduled for today - he told me that he would call me at the beginning of may ( after his holidays ) to arrange them . i did mention that there was a risk that the position may be filled by then , but he seemed unperturbed by this . regards , anjam x 35383 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 17 / 04 / 2000 09 : 28 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 14 / 04 / 2000 09 : 57 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , kate bruges / lon / ect @ ect subject : interviews for thomas knudsen dear all , we need to see thomas on monday or tuesday as he is going on holiday after that . can we arrange to meet him on monday afternoon ? suggest 45 minutes each . starting from 3 pm : - monday 17 th april slotl : 3 pm slot 2 : 3 . 45 pm slot 3 : 4 . 15 pm slot 4 : 5 pm vince - please could you let me know which slot you prefer - we can try video conference , but i can ' t guarantee availability , so we may have to fall back to telephone interview for you . regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: friday brown bag lunch on option pricing zimin , i have talked to alex about it . i don ' t think that the additional seminars will crowd out the brown bag lunches . the seminars are really targeted to people who recently joined the group and have very limited , or zero , exposure to energy markets . for most members of the group it should be the piece of cake . brown bag lunches are not that time intensive , except for the speaker . plus , we ran out of days available for lunch meetings . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001 08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alex huang @ enron 01 / 02 / 2001 12 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing vince , this is a brief summary of last year ' s friday brown bag lunch option pricing series . we had about 15 lectures , given by the following people : grant , stinston , vasant , krishna , zimin , maureen , clayton , paulo , chonawee , myself , and some outside speakers . we were able to attract some outside audience as well . overall the response is quite encouraging and we have planned to continue it . in light of the presently scheduled seminars on " energy derivatives " , it seems our friday schedule will be too crowded if we have seminars on " energy derivatives " on two fridays and fbblop on other fridays . what ' s your suggestion ? should we discontinue the fbblop ? we also have scheduled january 19 for tom halliburton ' s visitor leon lasdon from ut austin to talk on non - linear programming . should we cancel it ? best , zimin & alex 
2	Subject: like an afterburner for your penis . - k 3482 knas neroamplifico will give you : larger firmer erections longer more intense orgasms results in the same night an overall improvement in your sexual health and sexual performance it ' s ok , it ' s not what i ' m looking for . off here  
2	Subject: fw : red rock agreement michelle , fyi , this is the latest version . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pryor , tony sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 11 : 21 am to : watson , kimberly subject : red rock agreement 
2	Subject: top notch refinances made easy guess what ! homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 360 home loan at a 3 . 09 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form best wishes , kathi benoit 
2	Subject: choose reliable e - supplier for quality remedy you have better selection from a wide variety of quality remedy . we provide all customers top ones on analgesic , man ' s health , obesity , blues , distress and sleeping aids . testify the quick handling and reliable dispensing . alternate an economic way for quick and easy benefits . if you are interested in this concept , please add this address into your browser for further reference . > > benefitscatcher . com / ms / your chemist is my top choice for quality remedy . with the quick handling and dispensing , i can experience all the benefits and convenience at echemist . - - millers d . in il ild ? " said thewasher - woman , and her lips trembled as ad with a mine underneath . jurgen heard these sounds in his prison , and it was a relief to she spoke . " he says you have a mother who is good for nothing . well essel , and looked towards the eas him . no music could have touched stripped him in swiftness . at last i came tothe desert , in which lie the golden sands , nteresting 0 ocks looking like the bottomof the sea . here i met a caravan , and the 1 the the 
2	Subject: sponsored tickets for weather trading europe 2002 eyeforenergy is pleased to announce that one of our sponsoring publications , corporate insurance and risk ( www . corporateinsurance - risk . com ) has just agreed to sponsor 5 tickets to the upcoming weather trading europe conference taking place in amsterdam , february 19 - 21 st at the hotel okura . this means we have 5 tickets to give away at lpm cet ( noon gmt ) on wednesday . with speakers from mirant , i - wex , aon , entergy - koch , liffe , aquila , spectron , bewag , centrica , and element re to name a few , this event is your opportunity to get the lastest news on the weather trading industry . with the recent changes in the industry , can you afford not to be networking with your peers at this crucial time ? for more information on the conference simply go to www . eyeforenergy . com / weather . if you ' d like to register for the free tickets simply go to www . eyeforenergy . com / prizedraw and fill in your contact details . recipients will be notified by 2 pm cet ( 1 pm gmt ) on wednesday . see you in amsterdam , the eyeforenergy team . 
2	Subject: re : i just learned from the it dept atr the mpuc that the session will not be broadcast live over the internet as they have been having some technical problems . however , it will be posted right after the session is over . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : llodra , john sent : tue 9 / 18 / 2001 12 : 05 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : nettelton , marcus subject : louise as you requested , here is the link for the audio broadcast of the maine commission deliberations for 1 : 30 ept this afternoon . it uses the real audio plug - in . regards john  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020512 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstnw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm 
2	Subject: together christi we will prevail . would you like to gain up to 3 inches before the new year ? learn how right here . turn off notifications here . uc international exports ltd st . marisol # 4573 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: attract women and men lry instantly s e x u a l l y attract with nature ' s secret weapon . . . pheromones ! ! invisible and undetectable , when unknowingly inhaled , pheromone concentrate unblocks all restraints and releases the raw animal s e x drive ! this is the strongest concentration of human pheromones , allowed by law , in an essential oil base . available in formulas for both men and women . to learn more : click here to attract * * * * * * * * to be excluded from our mailing list please email us at twist 58 @ scotchmail . com with " exclude " in the sub - line . to 48 5 - 11 cl 4 p { % rand % } { % rand % } aaal 111 212434346364654646566  
2	Subject: ets intranet project update ets intranet consolidation project updates ( www . ets . enron . com ) what is the status of the consolidation ? completed sites : the core ets intranet site , www . ets . enron . com ets solution center self - directed task force http : / / www . ets . enron . com / services / sdwt / default . htm sites in progress : safety site http : / / www . ots . enron . com / safety / default . htm design and records management engineering standards http : / / www . ots . enron . com / docs / stds / 0000 - 1 . htm how will this consolidation affect me as a user ? as we roll out new sites , any bookmarks to the old sites will need to be modified . if you navigate to an old site , you will see a redirect message requesting that you update your bookmarks and a link to the new site . what are the next steps ? the intranet team will be contacting webmasters with content or applications on the current ets website ( www . ots . enron . com ) to discuss the migration . all content and applications on this web server will be moved to the new ets intranet before the end of the 2 nd quarter . questions ladonna dervin is the project manager for the project and can be reached at 713 . 853 . 7103 if you have any questions regarding the project . ets solution center - houston , at 713 - 345 - 4745 ets solution center - omaha , at 402 - 398 - 7454 
2	Subject: enron mentions dynegy ' s enron deal faces major uncertainties huge new liabilities , possible regulatory opposition may complicate takeover wall street journal , 11 / 12 / 01 companies microsoft sees reprieve business line , 11 / 12 / 01 unravelling the dynegy enigma business standard , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy throws enron $ 44 bn lifeline australian financial review , 11 / 12 / 01 indian court bars enron from serving final termination notice asia pulse , 11 / 12 / 01 us utilities trader narrowly escapes junk debt status the financial news , 11 / 12 / 01 investors priced in enron bond default the financial news , 11 / 12 / 01 andersen faces jeopardy in enron accounting error , experts say bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 citigroup , j . p . morgan mull $ 500 mln enron stake , dow says bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 enron corp . raised to ` hold ' at prudential bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 hedging bets on the enron - dynegy deal by james j . cramer > realmoney . com report on business : the wall street journal dynegy ' s enron deal faces major uncertainties huge new liabilities , possible regulatory opposition may complicate takeover john emshwiller and rebecca smith wall street journal 11 / 12 / 2001 the globe and mail metro b 8 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " dynegy inc . ' s proposed $ 8 . 85 - billion ( u . s . ) takeover of enron corp . faces major uncertainties , ranging from possible opposition from regulators to potentially huge new liabilities and writeoffs at enron . the problem with regulators could come from antitrust worries about folding houston - based enron , the biggest u . s . trader of natural gas and electricity , into dynegy , another major energy trader , also based in houston . enron currently handles a quarter of all the natural gas and electricity traded in the united states . the combined company - - which would be called dynegy inc . - - would have 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 40 , 000 kilometres of natural gas pipelines , making it one of the largest companies in the united states in each of those categories . while enron and dynegy officials said they expect the merger to garner the necessary government approvals , the review by regulators is expected to take months . as for unpleasant financial surprises , enron has already produced a devastating stream of them over the past month , ranging from huge writeoffs of assets and reductions of shareholder equity to major downward restatements of past earnings reports . much of this turmoil has been caused by enron ' s dealings with private partnerships run by its own officers . indeed , recent enron disclosures indicate that as much as half of the company ' s pretax earnings in recent years came from deals with these officer - related partnerships , raising further questions about the quality of enron ' s earnings and the potential for hundreds of millions of dollars of additional writeoffs or restatements . enron ' s partnership dealings have sparked more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits and a formal investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . in a measure of the continuing concerns over enron ' s financial condition , both moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s once again downgraded enron ' s debt on friday , this time to just one level above non - investment grade , or " junk " status . they also kept the company under review for possible additional downgrades , and s & p put dynegy on the same status . a downgrade to junk status could force enron to come up with hundreds of millions of dollars in cash or stock to buttress some of its complicated financial transactions . in an interview friday , dynegy chairman chuck watson said his company made " a good assessment " of enron ' s condition and that in " the worst - case we can come up with . . . we feel comfortable [ that ] the value exceeds the liabilities . " mr . watson said dynegy has given itself the opportunity to back out of the proposed merger under certain conditions , which he declined to specify . a person familiar with the deal said that dynegy has a right to walk away if enron ' s additional legal and financial liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 - billion . a dynegy spokesman confirmed the figure . the price being paid - - 0 . 2685 of a dynegy share for each enron share - - is a fire - sale deal by any recent historical standard . the transaction valued enron shares at $ 10 . 41 each , based on dynegy ' s price of $ 38 . 76 friday , up $ 2 . 26 in new york stock exchange trading . enron shares rose 22 cents at $ 8 . 63 in big board trading , a quarter of their price just a month ago and less than a tenth of the all - time high of nearly $ 90 a share reached last year . the deal envisions quickly pumping $ 1 . 5 - billion of cash into enron to bolster its liquidity and comfort enron ' s trading partners who are increasingly nervous about continuing their business . the funds will come from chevrontexaco corp . , dynegy ' s biggest shareholder with a 26 - per - cent stake . dynegy will use the money to purchase the preferred stock and other rights in an enron pipeline subsidiary . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies it must also renegotiate contracts guaranteeing performance and warranties that have fallen into abeyance with the closure of the plant . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . watson puts trust in the quiet approach . by sheila mcnulty in houston . 11 / 12 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved charles watson set out 16 years ago with " five guys and a smile " to build what would become dynegy . that same year , kenneth lay laid the foundations of enron by merging the assets of two established companies . he had an inter - state and intra - state natural gas pipeline company with 37 , 000 miles of pipe . enron widened its lead over the years , so that last year it reported $ 101 bn in revenue , to dynegy ' s $ 29 bn . it was the number - one seller of natural gas and power in north america and operated the biggest web - based transaction system in the world . but on friday , the dynegy chief executive brought his company out from enron ' s shadow , agreeing to buy its embattled rival in a deal worth about $ 9 bn in stock . overnight , dynegy became the biggest energy trader in the us . how did he do it ? where enron emphasised individuality , dynegy stressed teamwork . where enron encouraged entrepreneurship , dynegy stressed customer satisfaction . where enron urged aggression to pervade everything from its trading floors to its financial accountings , dynegy made friendliness and conservatism its culture . enron had its name emblazoned across houston ' s professional baseball stadium and was building an office tower in downtown houston . dynegy was renting 28 floors out of the wells fargo complex . enron , mr watson notes , had a reputation for doing business with a swagger . " if that ' s your modus operandi , when things don ' t go well people come after you , " mr watson says . he believes that image of cockiness made questions over enron ' s balance sheet spiral out of control . the balance sheet adjustment itself could not justify the massive degradation of its equity in a matter of weeks . " the masses at enron are thirsting for a change in image , " mr watson says . he intends to give them that . mr watson will remain in charge when dynegy takes control of enron in the coming months . he has asked mr lay to join the board , but mr lay has not made a decision . " it ' s been a good ride , for the most part , " mr lay said friday night , but added , " i would say the last three weeks have not been a lot of fun . " mr watson reached out to mr lay on october 24 , as the crisis of confidence in enron became increasingly untenable . the securities and exchange commission was investigating its finances , investors were dumping its stock and the credit rating agencies were downgrading its debt . mr watson ' s mother was having heart surgery and he was with her in saint louis . but he called mr lay to offer to help . in the back of his mind was the possibility of buying enron ' s valuable pipeline assets to provide it with liquidity to support its fast diminishing business . two days later , mr watson went over to mr lay ' s home to begin working towards a combination . in a meeting with mr lay and the rest of enron ' s management team , it became clear they were " willing to fix the problem whatever it took " . mr watson believes the deal was put together so quickly because dynegy works with enron on a daily basis , they know each other ' s people and businesses , and they are both based in houston . " we ' re one of the few people , maybe the only ones , who could have pulled it off , " he says . now that he has done so , mr watson plans to move into enron ' s new buildings , but has not decided whether to rename the stadium to reflect its new owner . his teenager wants him too . but that would seem to go against the modesty that enabled dynegy to win in the end . ( c ) copyright financial times group . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ratings prove crucial at enron . by jenny wiggins in new york . 11 / 12 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved credit ratings agencies consider themselves independent providers of research and information . but the role played by moody ' s investors service in the sale of enron to dynegy last week shows agencies are often more than dispassionate observers . in enron ' s case , its credit ratings were crucial to its survival . the company needed an investment grade credit rating to retain the confidence of its energy trading counterparties . enron ' s solution was to arrange an acquisition by dynegy , but first it received the credit agencies ' blessing . with the two companies close to a deal on friday morning , moody ' s responded to investor concerns about the company by downgrading the company ' s ratings to just one notch above junk . however , it also signalled it was prepared to sanction a deal , adding that " a substantial near - term injection of equity capital " would be viewed as " a stabilising event " . that arrived in the form of a $ 1 . 5 bn cash injection from chevrontexaco . the ratings agency was under pressure to provide a credit outlook . enron generated " a tremendous amount of interest " , including calls from market participants " who wanted to share their opinion " , said moody ' s fran laserson . moody ' s analyst john diaz said that while the agency had analysed enron ' s financials both on and off its balance sheet , there were " some issues " the agency had not been aware of . this means that even as they seek to point out the risks inherent in a company ' s balance sheet , they are also looking out for the long - term interest of a company and are willing to give troubled entities some time to deal with problems and get back on their feet . ( c ) copyright financial times group . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c market place dynegy ' s rushed gamble on enron carries some big risks by alex berenson and richard a . oppel jr . 11 / 12 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company call it a $ 9 billion shotgun wedding . dynegy inc . , an energy marketer and trader based in houston , took the biggest gamble in its corporate history on friday by agreeing to buy the enron corporation , its much larger crosstown rival , for more than $ 9 billion in stock . in one decisive move , chuck watson , the chairman of dynegy , positioned his company to become the most important player in the volatile but potentially lucrative business of trading natural gas and electricity . but the hastily arranged deal carries big risks for dynegy as well , skeptical investors and wall street analysts say . no one outside enron appears to understand the company ' s tangled finances fully , and the speed with which the deal was made did not give dynegy time to scrutinize in great detail enron ' s trading book or the web of partnerships enron has entered to move debt off its balance sheet and hide losses . the skeptics wonder why dynegy decided to take on enron ' s huge debt , which some analysts say could total $ 23 billion in loans on and off its balance sheet , instead of simply trying to hire away enron ' s best traders , some of whom were already leaving the company . ' ' there are many risks associated with this merger that we will not know about for a while , ' ' said carol coale , an analyst at prudential securities . ' ' we ' re not sure that we know everything there is to know at enron yet . ' ' in addition , enron ' s earnings could be far lower than it has reported , said james chanos , a short - seller who has been a vocal critic . on thursday , enron said in a filing with the securities and exchange commission that it had used partnerships to overstate its earnings by a total of $ 600 million over the last five years . mr . chanos said other information in the filing indicated that more restatements were possible . with so much uncertainty surrounding enron ' s finances , mr . chanos and other analysts question dynegy ' s decision to move so quickly . they note that dynegy and enron often traded with each other , and some analysts had wondered whether , if enron had filed for bankruptcy , those trades might be wiped out , leaving dynegy unhedged , or unprotected against sudden movements in the prices of natural gas or electricity . if , on the other hand , enron is not forced to restate its profits down further , then dynegy has clinched an amazing bargain . analysts say enron will make $ 1 . 80 a share this year , so dynegy is paying just six times enron ' s annual earnings , about a fourth the average ratio of companies in the standard & poor ' s 500 . dynegy said on friday that the deal should increase its per - share earnings next year by 90 to 95 cents , to $ 3 . 40 to $ 3 . 50 , even without factoring in up to a half - billion dollars in annual savings , before taxes , from the merger . dynegy ' s shares closed friday at $ 38 . 76 , up $ 2 . 26 , so if the company ' s forecast is accurate , it is trading at 11 times its 2002 earnings - - still a bargain compared with the average stock in the s . & . p 500 . jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons & company in houston , said dynegy ' s estimates for its earnings in 2002 were ' ' conservative and very achievable . ' ' mr . watson said friday that dynegy was confident that enron ' s operations and its trading business were healthy . ' ' we feel this is a very solid company with plenty of capacity to withstand whatever happens the next few months , ' ' he said . mr . dietert said dynegy needed to strike a deal with enron quickly to make sure that enron ' s trading operations and financial health did not deteriorate any further . ' ' if enron preserves the value of the marketing and trading company , then there is clearly value in the enron stock , ' ' he said . preserving enron ' s investment - grade credit rating is crucial to keeping the trading operation afloat . to help convince moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s , the major rating agencies , that enron ' s rating should remain investment - grade , dynegy has agreed to inject $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately . still , on friday , both agencies cut enron ' s rating to just one notch above noninvestment grade , or junk , status , and both suggested that the rating could fall further . so investors and creditors will watch carefully this week to see whether other energy companies continue trading with enron , and whether the merger stems the outflow of talented enron traders . another question hanging over the deal is how easy it will be for dynegy to walk away if enron ' s finances turn out to be worse that enron has already disclosed . the merger agreement , according to executives and investment bankers who shaped it , gives dynegy the opportunity to quit the deal without penalty if major new problems surface . but what exactly those terms are remains unknown . so far , investors are giving dynegy the benefit of the doubt . the company ' s stock rose 17 percent on thursday and friday . ' ' the market believes chuck watson and the dynegy management team are very disciplined in the way they manage risks , ' ' mr . dietert said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . heard on the street basic principle of accounting tripped enron by jonathan weil staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 12 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones all six defendants have denied the sec ' s allegations . andersen itself wasn ' t named as a defendant and has said it believes the lawsuit against its partner was an unjustified action over questions of professional judgment . under gaap , misstatements aren ' t immaterial simply because they fall beneath a numerical threshold , according to an sec accounting bulletin . under certain circumstances - - and it remains to be seen if they apply in the enron case - - the sec says intentional immaterial misstatements are unlawful . one reason is that when immaterial misstatements are combined with other misstatements , they can " render the financial statements taken as a whole to be materially misleading . " enron , which paid andersen $ 25 million last year in audit fees and $ 27 million for other services , is one of andersen ' s biggest clients . so far , mr . tabolt , the andersen spokesman , says the sec hasn ' t told andersen it is a subject of the enron probe . enron ' s disavowal of its previous financial statements also is a major embarrassment for the directors who sit on the enron board ' s audit committee , which serves as the overseer of enron ' s financial reporting , internal controls and compliance processes . among the committee members is wendy gramm , a former chairman of the commodity futures trading commission and the wife of u . s . sen . phil gramm ( r . , texas ) . ms . gramm also was a member of the audit committee of ibp inc . , a meatpacking company that earlier this year became engulfed in an accounting debacle that prompted an sec investigation and nearly derailed tyson foods ' since - completed plan to buy the company . enron last week said its audit committee had been responsible for conducting annual reviews of the transactions between enron and the partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew s . fastow . the company said its special committee is investigating " whether those controls and procedures were properly implemented . " through an enron spokeswoman , ms . gramm declined to comment . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy ' s enron deal faces uncertainties - - - potential antitrust worries or new enron liabilities could upset agreement by john emshwiller and rebecca smith staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 12 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dynegy inc . ' s proposed $ 8 . 85 billion takeover of enron corp . faces major uncertainties , ranging from possible opposition from regulators to potentially huge new liabilities and write - offs at enron . the problem with regulators could come from antitrust worries about folding enron , the nation ' s biggest trader of natural gas and electricity , into dynegy , also a major energy trader . enron handles a quarter of all the natural gas and electricity traded in the u . s . the combined company - - which would be called dynegy inc . - - would have 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of natural - gas pipelines , making it one of the largest companies in the nation in each of those categories . while enron and dynegy officials said that they expect the merger to garner the necessary government approvals , the review by regulators is expected to take months . as for unpleasant financial surprises , enron has already produced a devastating stream of them over the past month , ranging from huge write - offs of assets and reductions of shareholder equity to major downward restatements of past earnings reports . much of this turmoil has been caused by enron ' s dealings with private partnerships run by its own officers . indeed , recent enron disclosures indicate that as much as half of the company ' s pretax earnings in recent years came from deals with these officer - related partnerships , raising further questions about the quality of enron ' s earnings and the potential for hundreds of millions of dollars of additional write - offs or restatements . enron ' s partnership dealings have sparked more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits and a formal investigation by the securities and exchange commission . in a measure of the continuing concerns over enron ' s financial condition , both moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s once again downgraded enron ' s debt on friday , this time to just one level above noninvestment - grade , or " junk , " status . they also kept the company under review for possible additional downgrades and s & p put dynegy on the same status . a downgrade to junk status could force enron to come up with hundreds of millions of dollars in cash or stock to buttress some of its complicated financial transactions . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . analysts , competitors give dynegy - enron merger thumbs up 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3872 ; jessica . berthold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : 2 stories in 1 : enron ceo sold compaq stk by michael rapoport 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5976 ; michael . rapoport @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : research alert - dynegy reiterated as " strong buy " . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - ubs warburg on monday reiterated its " strong buy " rating on dynegy inc . after the power - trading firm entered into a deal on friday to buy its bigger rival enron corp . for some $ 9 billion in stock . " if successfully executed , this transaction would yield the most widely recognized , respected and downright credible wholesale / retail energy merchant in the world , " ubs said in a research note . but it added that pursuant to the deal , dynegy faces a daunting task of merging complex operations and employee bases . " we are not naive in underestimating the enormous challenge at hand , " ubs said . it said , " we note that we would not be surprised to see dynegy put on review for downgrade by all ( credit - ) rating agencies , as would be typical in the initial stages of such a transaction " . dynegy shares closed on friday at $ 38 . 76 on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : research alert - prudential raises enron to ' hold ' . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - prudential securities on monday raised its investment rating on enron corp . to " hold " from " sell , " citing the proposed buyout of the company by its smaller power - trading rival dynegy inc . for some $ 9 billion in stock . the brokerage said in a research note that it believes capital infusion from the deal will help enron fill near - term liquidity needs . but it added that it is uncertain whether the deal will help prevent enron ' s energy - trading partners from reducing transactions and / or credit exposure over the next few months . prudential said it is also concerned about strategic and cultural differences between dynegy and enron , and believes that the risk of losing talented traders before the transaction closes is high . the buyout , announced on friday , calls for dynegy to swap 0 . 2685 share for each enron share , valuing enron at $ 10 . 41 a share . enron is also in the midst of an investigation by the securities and exchange commission over questionable business practices in the past . enron closed at $ 8 . 63 on the new york stock exchange on friday . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk press : enron investigating its own finances 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 44 ( 0 ) 20 7842 9320 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron assets may be overvalued by 5 bln usd on balance sheet - report 11 / 12 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - enron corp assets may be carried on the company ' s balance sheet at 5 bln usd more than their current value , the financial times reported , citing a person familiar with enron ' s thinking . the overvaluation is likely to prompt a big writedown by enron ' s prospective new owner dynegy inc , a chevrontexaco inc affiliate , the newspaper said . meanwhile , the wall street journal reported dynegy as saying it has a right to walk away from the agreed 8 . 85 bln usd deal if enron ' s additional legal and financial liabilities exceed 3 . 5 bln usd . dynegy ' s proposed takeover faces possible opposition from regulators and the antitrust review of the deal is expected to take months , the journal added . it noted that the combined company would have 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of natural - gas pipelines , making it one of the largest companies in the us in each of those categories . enron and dynegy officials have said that they expect the merger to garner t he necessary government approvals . the ft said investors will today be briefed by dynegy on its decision to focus on enron ' s core gas pipeline business and wholesale energy trading operations . investors are likely to quiz the executives closely on the potential losses from enron ' s web of financial dealings that led to the crisis of confidence on wall street and forced the merger with dynegy , it noted . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s sale could be thwarted by antitrust worries or liabilities 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dynegy inc . ' s proposed $ 8 . 85 billion takeover of enron corp . faces major uncertainties , ranging from possible opposition from regulators to potentially huge new liabilities and write - offs at enron , monday ' s wall street journal reported . the problem with regulators could come from antitrust worries about folding enron ( ene ) , the nation ' s biggest trader of natural gas and electricity , into dynegy ( dyn ) , also a major energy trader . enron handles a quarter of all the natural gas and electricity traded in the u . s . the combined company - - which would be called dynegy inc . - - would have 22 , 000 megawatts of generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of natural - gas pipelines , making it one of the largest companies in the nation in each of those categories . while enron and dynegy officials said that they expect the merger to garner the necessary government approvals , the review by regulators is expected to take months . as for unpleasant financial surprises , enron has already produced a devastating stream of them over the past month , ranging from huge write - offs of assets and reductions of shareholder equity to major downward restatements of past earnings reports . much of this turmoil has been caused by enron ' s dealings with private partnerships run by its own officers . indeed , recent enron disclosures indicate that as much as half of the company ' s pretax earnings in recent years came from deals with these officer - related partnerships , raising further questions about the quality of enron ' s earnings and the potential for hundreds of millions of dollars of additional write - offs or restatements . enron ' s partnership dealings have sparked more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits and a formal investigation by the securities and exchange commission . in a measure of the continuing concerns over enron ' s financial condition , both moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s once again downgraded enron ' s debt on friday , this time to just one level above noninvestment - grade , or " junk , " status . they also kept the company under review for possible additional downgrades and s & p put dynegy on the same status . a downgrade to junk status could force enron to come up with hundreds of millions of dollars in cash or stock to buttress some of its complicated financial transactions . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) wessex water could become a takeover target for thames water as troubles continue to engulf its u . s . parent . the bath - based utility , which employs around 1 , 500 people , is one of several uk businesses owned by enron , which last week was forced to slice more than $ 500 million ( gbp 354 million ) from its reported profits for the past five years . enron ' s much - smaller rival dynergy is set to buy the troubled giant for $ 8 billion ( gbp 5 . 6 billion ) - although the plunging value of enron has become a sticking point . enron , north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of electricity and natural gas , bought wessex for gbpl . 4 billion in 1998 . at the time it said it planned to use wessex ' s expertise as the foundation stone of global water company azurix . but few contracts have been secured as azurix has constantly found itself outbid by larger groups and the failure of the water business has only added to enron ' s troubles . weekend speculation suggested thames water was poised to pounce on wessex as enron ' s financial position gets weaker . thames water ' s german utility group owner rwe is keen to expand its water interests in the uk and has considered bidding for wessex in the past . in august it was said to be running the slide rule over the firm to bolster its uk interests . it acquired thames , the neighbouring water company to wessex , last year for gbp 4 . 3 billion . a thames move for wessex would attract the attention of the industry regulator and previous similar takeover bids have been blocked . but the fact that the two are neighbours - wessex supplies an area stretching from wiltshire to somerset and dorset , while thames goes from london to swindon - could weigh in the favour of any bid , along with enron ' s shaky financial position . enron last week acknowledged it overstated earnings by about 20 per cent over the past four years and kept large amounts of debt off its balance sheets through business partnerships now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . the sec said enron ' s financial statements from 1997 through the first half of 2001 " should not be relied upon " and that outside businesses run by enron officials during that period should have been included in the company ' s earnings reports . enron ' s debt ratings have also been reduced to one level above junk bond status and the company ' s long - term debt ratings remain under review for further downgrade . on friday uk energy watchdog ofgem said it was monitoring how the financial crisis could impact on the uk market . as well as owning wessex , enron has three power plants on teesside whose customers include suppliers , generators and distributors . copyright ? 2000 dow jones microsoft sees reprieve setting up these private partnerships and making deals with them , 11 / 12 / 2001 business line ( the hindu ) fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . business line ( the hindu ) copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi & sons ltd . all rights res ' d enron is facing corruption charges , and this time it has nothing to do with maharashtra ! the shock waves began when the company announced in early october that it had a $ 618 million ( rs 2 , 966 crore ) loss in the third quarter and also disclosed write - offs to the tune of $ 1 . 2 billion ( rs 5 , 760 crore ) due to some questionable transactions . two of these deals were made public in the last couple of weeks . in one , mr andrew fastow , the company ' s chief financial officer , ran a private partnership called ljm 2 co - investment lp ( named with the initials of his wife and children ) with whom enron had several financial transactions . the aim of the transactions was to hedge against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s investments . mr fastow and other enron employees who were a part of this partnership made millions in fees and investment gains in their personal accounts . mr . fastow was fired after the revelations . second , the company is said to have made a $ 35 - million ( rs 168 - crore ) purchase from an entity called chewco investments lp , run by michael kopper , managing director of its north america unit . this deal is seen as an attempt by enron to park some of its debt elsewhere . enron , which began as a natural gas and energy products company , has made important forays into retail energy and bandwidth products . and its growth has been phenomenal . from $ 13 billion ( rs 62 , 400 crore ) in revenues in 1996 , the company , in 2000 , had revenues of $ 100 billion ( rs 80 , 000 crore ) . in 1999 - 2000 alone , it grew 150 per cent . as an energy trader , the company is a dominant force in the markets . it extended its trading skills and software infrastructure into the bandwidth area , where it has met with more limited success . however , another venture , named azurix , focussed on managing water supply and headed by rebecca mark ( of dabhol fame ) was a failure , leading to her exit from the company . some analysts are now beginning to wonder if the phenomenal results of the company have something to do with its creative accounting . enron is said to have borrowed large sums of money for asset purchases without the debt showing up on the company ' s balance sheet . analysts who often write about enron use terms like ' byzantine ' and ' labyrinth ' in describing its financial dealings . now , they are admitting that they did not really understand what was going on . enron has been very secretive when it comes to revealing its financial arrangements . clearly , the company seems to have se - up all these private partnerships to make its balance sheet look clean and nice . in return , it allowed its senior employees to profit and fatten their wallets through the fees paid for the transactions . was it the price paid to keep quiet ? s pc manufacturers will have more freedom to ship machines with non - microsoft products and the company cannot retaliate against them ; and it will have to establish standard royalties and licensing terms . more interestingly , a three - member panel will be located at microsoft headquarters with staff and access to company records to monitor compliance with the settlement . the period is initially for five years , and is extendable to two more . while microsoft may not secure high marks for the quality of its products , the company has always been a leader with its strategy . though technology - savvy users of personal computers have always praised apple for its hardware and its operating system , microsoft is the one that has climbed to dominate with 90 per cent market share . and this is because it quickly worked with allies to establish its operating system as the more widely used standard . with comparable astuteness , the company managed to drag the anti - trust case long enough till a more sympathetic president occupied the white house . the anti - trust head under the democratic president clinton was joel klein , who was seen as a hawk , doggedly pursuing the company . so microsoft waited it out , while making significant monetary contributions to the republican party . even on the campaign trail , mr george bush made it known that he was not such a fervent devotee of anti - trust . once he came to power , the newly appointed anti - trust chief quickly moved to compromise and settle . the proposed settlement is not leaving everyone happy . the other private corporations that were affected by microsoft ' s practices are clearly disappointed with the terms of the settlement . america online , now incarnated as aol time warner , is the biggest internet service provider , with about 30 million subscribers , and benefited from partnership with microsoft . but the new windows xp only has the company ' s own msn service and its own messaging system , cutting out aol . sun microsystems is another affected party . sun ' s java software allowed the same piece of computer code to run on many different kinds of computers . but the new windows xp has dropped support for java . thus , both sun and aol , among others , feel closed out and do not see any change in microsoft ' s monopolistic behaviour . it is this fact that has also upset about six of the state governments , which are also parties to the suit . at the time of writing , they have refused to sign on . massachusetts , for one , has protested that it is an ineffectual deal . microsoft bravely moves on , surviving a possible threat of break - up , like a juggernaut crushing all that come in its path . but a recent wall street journal report has it that the controversy has taken its toll within , that employee morale is down , and several key people have left the company . even if it manages to close the chapter on its us legal troubles , the company still faces an investigation by the european commission . correction : in my column last fortnight , i incorrectly mentioned that polaroid ' s headquarters building was empty and for sale . polaroid does not own the building any more and only rents space in it . c . gopinath - the author is a professor of international business and strategic management at suffolk university , boston , us . his e - mail address is cgopinat @ suffolk . edu copyright ? 2000 dow jones and was even founded in the same year , 1985 . it was set up by chuck watson but the largest shareholder in the company is really oil major chevron texaco , with about 27 per cent . despite its attempt to swallow a corporation that is thrice its size , dynegy is no piffling either . it is one of the world ' s leading energy merchants and had revenues of nearly $ 30 billion for the year 2000 , and has crossed the $ 33 billion mark in the first nine months of 2001 . it is a fortune 100 company ( positioned 54 th ) and finds a place in the standard & poors 500 index to boot . it is also in very similar lines of business to enron . like that controversial company it is a trader of natural gas , electricity , coal and broadband . the synergies of such a merger are obvious . dynegy is also into power generation and distribution and is a leading player in the north american market . it has 43 generating station with a aggregate capacity of 19 , 000 mw . last year it sold 138 million units of electricity and has already sold 213 million units this year . most of its power delivery is routed through subsidiary illinois power . on the broadband front , the company has a 21 , 900 mile optic fibre network . about 16 , 800 miles of this is in the united states while the balance 5 , 100 miles is in europe . dynegy has a presence in 16 countries with a total workforce of 6 , 700 . dynegy is not stranger to india . last year it signed a memorandum of understanding with the jatiyas of wimco for setting up a joint venture company to set up a liquefied petroleum gas ( lpg ) import terminal at okha in gujarat . apart from this the two parties were planning to set up lpg bottling plants together . the cost of the project was estimated at rs 1 , 000 crore . after the deal with enron goes through it will become the latest player in the dabhol drama . meanwhile , international ratings agency moody ' s investors service on friday said it cut its long - term and short - term ratings for embattled energy trader enron corporation and warned it could cut the ratings again because of a substantial loss of investor confidence . moody ' s cut enron ' s senior unsecured debt ratings to " baa 3 , " its lowest investment grade , from " baa 2 . " it also cut the company ' s commercial paper rating to " not prime " from " prime - 2 . " if moody ' s cut enron ' s long - term rating again , it would take it to a junk level . a downgrade would make it tougher for enron to issue debt and run its day - to - day business . the downgrade also adds uncertainty to a potential merger with rival dynegy inc , which has been in talks to acquire enron . dynegy and enron have asked for an expedited review of the merger from moody ' s and standard & poor ' s . enron shares traded friday on the new york stock exchange down $ 1 . 15 at $ 7 . 25 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies and markets dynegy throws enron $ 44 bn lifeline damon kitney with bloomberg 11 / 12 / 2001 australian financial review 10 copyright of john fairfax group pty ltd one of the world ' s largest energy trading groups , enron corp , has staved off financial collapse after securing a $ us 23 billion ( $ 44 . 8 billion ) rescue bid from dynegy , ending a crisis which threatened to cause major disruption to us power and natural - gas markets . enron shares have plunged 90 per cent this year following investigations by us regulatory authorities into accounting irregularities which limited its ability to finance operations . under the terms of the deal struck in the united states on friday , investors will receive 0 . 2685 of a dynegy share for each enron share . this is worth $ usl 0 . 41 , based on dynegy ' s closing price on friday . chevrontexaco corp , a 26 per cent shareholder in dynegy , has agreed to provide enron with an upfront cash injection of $ usl . 5 billion . dynegy said it would assume about $ usl 5 billion in enron debt . the new company will have $ us 90 billion in assets while dynegy ' s shareholders , including chevrontexaco , will have 64 per cent of the new company . enron ' s holders will own the rest . however , the deal is likely to be opposed by consumers in california after dynegy and enron were blamed for soaring electricity prices that left that state ' s biggest utility bankrupt and the second - largest fighting for a government bailout . in recent months , enron shares plunged as investors began to question the accuracy of enron ' s financial statements , saying it was unclear whether the company was using affiliated partnerships to move debt off its books and hide losses . on friday , the company restated its earnings for the past four years , lowering them by more than $ us 500 million to include losses from partnerships it once kept off its books . after the merger announcement , standard & poor ' s investors service said it may lower dynegy ' s debt rating . it cut enron ' s to ` ` bbb , ' ' one notch above junk . dynegy will have annual revenue of more than $ us 200 billion , more than 22 , 000 mw of electric - generating capacity and 40 , 000 km of pipeline after the merger . the company would save as much as $ us 500 million a year by ` ` winding down ' ' enron ' s business outside of trading and pipelines and cutting costs , dynegy said . the two houston - based companies began negotiations a week ago as it became apparent that enron needed cash to stay in business . dynegy agreed to the terms after moody ' s investors service maintained an investment grade rating on enron , eliminating a stumbling block in negotiations . moody ' s announcement removed the threat that a junk rating would force enron to repay early $ 3 . 3 billion in bonds . enron fired chief financial officer mr andrew fastow last month as a us securities and exchange commission investigation focused in on partnerships he headed and helped create . enron estimated mr fastow made $ us 30 million through partnerships affiliated with it . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . indian court bars enron from serving final termination notice 11 / 12 / 2001 asia pulse ( c ) copyright 2001 asia pulse pte ltd . mumbai , nov 12 asia pulse - mumbai high court on friday , in an ad - interim order , restrained enron ' s dabhol power company ( dpc ) from serving final termination notice on maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) until december 3 . the order was delivered by justice d k deshmukh who ordered that status quo be maintained on the dispute between dpc and mseb , which had resulted in the former serving preliminary notice on the board . the court was hearing a notice of motion in a suit filed by financial institutions led by the industrial development bank of india and others urging for directions to restart the plant and generate power , so that their investments were secured . the judge ruled that the 14 - day period beginning november 19 ( during which the dpc could serve the final termination notice as per the ppa ) would not expire . on behalf of the plaintiffs , solicitor general harish salve , argued that financial institutions were ensuring safe returns of their lendings . of the rs 130 billion ( s $ 2 . 7 billion ) investment in the controversial 2184 mw project the debt component was about 65 per cent , amounting to rs 85 . 50 billion . of this debt component , the indian fis ' exposure was to the tune of rs 60 billion , he disclosed . the only way to secure the loans was that the plant should be made operational so that dpc gets revenue from power generation , he said . counsel for dpc , ram jethmalani , disagreed with salve ' s submission that it was necessary to restart the plant to secure investments of fis . ( pti ) 12 - 11 1226 copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) financial times dynegy agreed a $ 7 . 8 bn ( e 8 . 7 bn ) rescue bid for enron , at the end of last week , after the largest us electricity and gas trader narrowly escaped having its credit ratings cut to junk status . moody ' s , the ratings agency , reduced its credit rating on enron ' s unsecured debt from baa 2 to baa 3 , after being briefed the previous day by enron . enron ' s new rating is just one notch above junk status . a deeper downgrade would have forced enron to sell stock to cover about $ 3 . 3 bn of obligations , and could have deterred dynegy . dynegy is offering just under 0 . 27 of its own shares per enron share , valuing the bid at $ 10 . 40 per enron share , or 21 % above enron ' s price at the close of trading on friday . enron will also receive an immediate cash injection of around $ 1 . 5 bn from chevrontexaco , which owns 27 % of dynegy , and a further $ 1 bn when the deal closes . the initial infusion will be made through dynegy , and chevrontexaco will receive rights over $ 1 . 5 bn of the merged company ' s stock . to protect its investment , dynegy will receive preferred stock in an enron subsidiary that owns gas pipeline assets . if the merger were not completed , dynegy would have the right to acquire the subsidiary ' s equity . the merged company will be called dynegy , and dynegy executives will take the roles of chairman , chief executive officer , president and chief financial officer . chuck watson , chairman and chief executive of dynegy , said the combined group would keep a strong balance sheet and straightforward financial structure . dynegy added that enron ' s accounting issues would not detract from the value of its businesses and predicted annual savings of $ 400 m to $ 500 m from the acquisition . arthur andersen , enron ' s auditor , is understood to have approved the controversial off - balance sheet arrangement used by enron to manage its trading risks and offload debt . the arrangements are at the heart of the energy company ' s decision to review its accounts earlier last week . in a regulatory filing late last week , enron indicated that its decision to restate its accounts to include two off - balance companies was based on current information , implying full details had not been available before . a third accounting change was based on a new assessment , enron said , raising questions about the auditor ' s earlier judgement . an andersen spokesman refused to comment on whether the auditor had vetted the complex off - balance sheet arrangements . he said that the firm does help companies understand accounting rules and how to apply them . comment : dynegy presumably has been given a fuller and franker explanation of enron ' s off - balance sheet mess than its investors , but it can scarcely have been able to carry out what normally counts as due diligence . moody ' s decision and s & p ' s indecision meant enron kept its investment grade and seems to have got the deal done . do ratings agencies really provide independent analysis at these times ? the times the deal comes amid a securities and exchange commission investigation into enron ' s controversial business practices . enron admitted late last week that it had overstated its profits by nearly $ 586 m and understated its debt by $ 2 . 6 bn over the past four years . enron ' s disposal of its share in a $ 2 . 9 bn indian power plant was blocked by the bombay high court . anxiety increased that us energy traders were starting to bypass enron ' s internet - based energy trading systems over worries that the company could not pay for transactions and pay back collateral . the daily telegraph enron ' s problems have already affected the european energy trading market , where the buying and selling of power on long - and short - term contracts helps balance demand and reduces the risk of price volatility . innogy and txu are understood to be picking up some of enron ' s lost business to restore stability to the market . dynegy may sell some of enron ' s non - trading business in the uk as part of any financial restructuring . the guardian comment : royal bank of scotland insists that its loan to enron , understood to be worth several hundred million pounds , is fully secured and that interest payments are fully up to date . the facility may not be so safe as it was a few weeks ago . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) bond investors last week were so concerned about the demise of enron , the beleaguered us energy trading group , that they were trading as if the company would default on its bonds within days . several us investors , mainly hedge funds , were short selling a dollar bond that matures this week , said credit traders . short selling involves an investor selling securities they do not own , in order to profit from a fall in prices . the short selling of bonds that are about to be repaid is unheard of unless there is a fear that the issuer will not make the repayment . at the same time , it was impossible to buy enron credit default swaps , a type of insurance against the company defaulting . most of the short selling took place on wednesday , the day before enron , headed by kenneth lay , confirmed that it was in talks to be bought by arch rival dynergy . news of the possible merger led hedge funds to unwind their short positions , at a loss . enron ' s fall from grace has also added to pressure on auditing firms to do their job more diligently . arthur andersen was enron ' s auditor over the 1997 - 2001 accounts that enron last week had to restate . enron investors have suggested that arthur andersen had not pushed enron hard enough to disclose details about the partnerships that had complex ties with it and were run by former cfo , andrew fastow . arthur andersen faces a lawsuit , which suggests that the accounting firm was compromised by enron paying the firm above standard auditing and non - auditing fees . the southern electrical retirement fund of oregon said in the suit : ' maintaining the client relationship was dependent on the individual defendants , particularly enron ' s lay , and arthur andersen compromised themselves to do so . ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . andersen faces jeopardy in enron accounting error , experts say 2001 - 11 - 12 08 : 43 ( new york ) andersen faces jeopardy in enron accounting error , experts say houston , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - arthur andersen llp may face u . s . securities and exchange commission sanction and shareholder lawsuits because it certified enron corp . financial reports that the company disavowed last week as inaccurate , legal and accounting experts said . andersen , the world ' s fifth largest accounting firm , served as enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade , assuring investors the company ' s financial statements conformed with generally accepted accounting principles . last week , the company reported that it overstated earnings by $ 586 million over four - and - a - half years , inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of an ` ` accounting error , ' ' and failed to consolidate results of three affiliated partnerships into its balance sheet . enron restated its financial reports as the company suffered a cash crisis triggered by disclosure of the cut in shareholder equity and the start of an sec investigation . on friday , enron , the largest energy trader , agreed to be acquired by dynegy inc . for $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . ` ` i ' d be very surprised if the sec didn ' t go after arthur andersen , ' ' said alan bromberg , securities law professor at southern methodist university and author of a six - volume treatise on securities fraud . ` ` i think they ' ll have a hard time ignoring this one . ' ' andersen partner david tabolt has said the firm is cooperating with a special committee of enron ' s board of directors appointed to investigate the accounting problems . ` ` issues have surfaced that have caused the company to restate its financial statements and advise investors that they should not rely on its financial statements or our audit reports , ' ' tabolt said , adding , ` ` we certainly recognize the appropriateness of that decision . ' ' settled suits the sec and shareholders can sue an accounting company for issuing false and misleading financial reports about a publicly traded company . andersen this year paid $ 130 million to settle lawsuits alleging the firm allowed waste management inc . and sunbeam corp . to file false financial reports that cost investors billions of dollars in losses . lynn turner , who was the sec ' s chief accountant for three years until he resigned in august , said enron and andersen ignored a basic accounting rule when they overstated shareholder ' s equity . explaining the equity reduction last week , enron said it had given common stock to companies created by enron ' s former chief financial officer in exchange for notes receivable , and then improperly increased shareholder equity on its balance sheet by the value of the notes . ' basic accounting ' ` ` what we teach in college is that you don ' t record equity until you get cash for it , and a note is not cash , ' ' said turner , who is now director of the center for quality financial reporting at colorado state university . ` ` it ' s a mystery how both the company would violate , and the auditors would miss , such a basic accounting rule , when the number is one billion dollars . ' ' enron paid andersen $ 52 million last year , $ 25 million for auditing and $ 27 million for services including business and tax consulting , due diligence procedures and help in preparing sec filings , according the company ' s proxy statement . enron and andersen declined to provide further detail . those fees were proportionately larger than some other companies paid outside auditors . exxon mobil , the world ' s largest oil company , with more than twice enron ' s $ 100 . 1 billion of revenue , paid 29 percent less to its auditor ,  llp . dynegy , which is also audited by andersen , paid $ 3 . 2 million for its audit and $ 4 . 1 million in other fees . that is 86 percent less than enron paid . dynegy ' s revenue of $ 29 . 5 billion was 71 percent less than enron ' s . consulting work john coffee , adolf a . berle professor of law at columbia university law school , said he is concerned about the $ 27 million enron paid andersen for non - audit work . ` ` if you had an auditor that wasn ' t trying to cross - sell other services with more profit potential , would it have been as acquiescent ? ' ' coffee asked . andersen ' s tabolt defended the firm ' s consulting work for enron . ` ` we help improve the quality of financial reporting by helping clients understand the accounting rules and how to apply them , ' ' said tabolt . ` ` in doing this , we follow the rules of the profession and the sec . ' ' in the waste management and sunbeam cases , shareholders and the sec alleged that andersen allowed the companies to inflate earnings and revenue . the firm agreed last week to pay $ 20 million to settle a malpractice lawsuit over its audit work for waste management . last june , andersen agreed to pay a $ 7 million civil fine , the largest ever imposed by the sec against a big - five accounting firm . ' black eyes ' in april , andersen agreed to pay $ 110 million to settle a securities fraud class action suit filed over its accounting work for appliance maker sunbeam corp . the appliance maker filed for bankruptcy protection in february . ` ` andersen now has three black eyes in a row , ' ' said coffee , who addressed the national institute on class actions of the american bar association on friday in san francisco . the group ' s members are lawyers who have collected billions of dollars for investors in securities fraud class action suits against public companies . ` ` there ' s a beauty contest going on , ' ' said coffee , referring to meetings taking place at the conference . he said law firms are courting some of enron ' s institutional investors for the right to represent them against the energy company and its auditor . andersen ' s tabolt said the sec hasn ' t notified the firm that it is under investigation in connection with its work for enron . coffee expressed concern that sec chairman harvey pitt , who took over the agency in august , may not be as aggressive in pursuing accounting fraud as his predecessor , arthur levitt . as a private lawyer , pitt represented major accounting firms . ` ` anyone who violates the law , and i do mean anyone , will be held to the same high standards the agency has applied for nearly seven decades , ' ' said pitt in an interview . ` ` there are no special rules for any class of violator . ' ' he declined to comment on enron and andersen because of the agency ' s investigation . dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 12 06 : 59 ( new york ) dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( updatel ) ( adds enron share trading in germany in 14 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . chairman chuck watson said he ' s convinced enron corp . ' s trading operations are sound and described disclosures about affiliated partnerships that helped drive enron ' s stock down 67 percent in three weeks as ` ` financial noise . ' ' dynegy agreed friday to buy enron for at least $ 23 billion , including at least $ 8 billion in stock and $ 15 billion in assumed debt . in an interview after the merger announcement , watson and enron chairman kenneth lay discussed how the houston - based companies reached agreement less than three weeks after enron ' s shares began plunging . ` ` all the financial noise about the partnerships , maybe it has damaged the enron brand a bit , ' ' watson said . ` ` but i ' ll tell you what it hasn ' t impacted , and that ' s the high regard that the industry places on ' ' enron ' s trading business , he said . enron last week restated earnings for four years to include losses from three affiliated partnerships , reducing earnings by $ 586 million . six employees , out of enron ' s 20 , 000 , may have improperly benefited from the partnerships , lay said . ` ` i ' m sorry those six people seem to have gone somewhat over the edge in their dealings or transactions , but you can ' t be absolutely protected from that in any business , ' ' he said . lost effectiveness lay didn ' t specify which six people he was referring to . he removed andrew fastow , who helped set up and ran many of the affiliated partnerships , as chief financial officer on oct . 24 . an enron securities filing says fastow made more than $ 30 million off two of the partnerships . fastow ` ` had lost his effectiveness because of all the press coverage ' ' on the affiliates , lay said . treasurer ben glisan and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and a corporate counsel for an enron division , also were fired , enron said in a corporate filing on thursday . former employees michael kopper , kathy lynn and anne yeager were in a position to profit from partnerships , the filing said . ` ` you trust people , you accept their representations and proposals , ' ' lay said . ` ` sometimes when you do that , you get surprised and disappointed . ' ' both executives said they expect antitrust regulators to approve the merger because the two companies own different types of assets and won ' t dominate any market . ` ` there really isn ' t anything that lays on top of each other , ' ' watson said friday night . ` ` we ' re not in the pipeline business and they are . we ' re in the generation business , and they ' re really not . ' ' dynegy shares rose 6 . 2 percent on friday after terms of the enron purchase leaked to the press . watson expects the acquisition to add 90 cents to 95 cents a share , or 35 percent , to dynegy ' s 2002 earnings . enron is selling for $ 10 . 41 a share , one - fifth the average price over the past 12 months . enron stock climbed 96 cents to $ 9 . 59 in germany as 54 , 497 shares traded . cash crunch the rapid decline of enron threatened to bankrupt the company and disrupt energy markets . enron handles an estimated one - quarter of u . s . electricity and natural - gas trades . a falling credit rating made it difficult for the company to raise capital needed to back trades . as part of the purchase , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , agreed to provide enron with $ 2 . 5 billion . ` ` what we found when looked under the hood is that the core of enron was still there and working as well as ever , ' ' watson said . ` ` that business was pristine and had nothing to do with the partnerships . ' ' dynegy began taking steps toward the acquisition in late october , when watson called lay to offer assistance with enron ' s growing financial crisis , the two men said . that led to a saturday morning meeting in lay ' s kitchen . ` ` he even made me a breakfast roll , ' ' watson said . ` ` he didn ' t eat it , ' ' lay said . lay said he won ' t be an active manager in the new company . watson said friday that he and lay hadn ' t discussed a severance package . as head of enron , lay had refocused the houston operator of u . s . natural - gas pipelines on trading and international expansion , boosting reported revenue 20 - fold since 1995 to $ 100 . 8 billion last year . he said he doesn ' t regret the strategy . ` ` clearly , enron has gotten involved in business that hasn ' t turned out well , ' ' lay said , pointing to money - losers azurix inc . , created to supply water and build related projects around the world , and newpower holdings inc . , a seller of electricity to homes and small businesses . ` ` but you have to keep in mind , too , that 12 years ago we weren ' t in the wholesale merchant ( trading ) business . today that ' s an incredibly valuable franchise . ' ' the trading business , which accounts for about 97 percent of enron ' s revenue , buys electricity , gas and other commodities from producers and sells them to end users such as utilities and industrial customers . it also advises big business customers on energy use and sells them gas and electricity . reassessing steel , lumber watson said the new company will keep trading coal , gas , power and petroleum products , and plans to expand by buying assets and using them to develop trading . ` ` we ' ll just have to reassess over time whether we stay in ' ' trading of steel , lumber and other non - energy commodities , he said . enron wants to shed its 65 percent stake in dabhol power co . in india , which is owed $ 64 million in overdue bills from a state government agency that has refused to pay the power prices enron was promised in contracts . ` ` we have strong legal remedies and we ' re heading down the path toward arbitration , but we ' d still very much like to work out a settlement with the government , ' ' lay said . potential buyers have balked at enron ' s $ 1 billion asking price for dabhol . neither man would comment on whether dynegy plans to cut jobs after the merger , or what will happen to the naming rights to enron field . the major league baseball stadium is home to the houston astros , and enron paid $ 100 million to have its name on the ballpark . ` ` the name of the company is now dynegy , ' ' watson said . dynegy ' s acquisition requires approval from u . s . securities , antitrust and energy regulators . watson expects soon to share details of the new dynegy with regulators from the european union and u . k . , where enron operates a trading desk and owns a water company and two power plants . ` ` i don ' t know if we are required to do so , but we will talk to them anyway , ' ' watson said . ` ` we don ' t think there are going to be any problems , ' ' lay said . citigroup , j . p . morgan mull $ 500 mln enron stake , dow says 2001 - 11 - 12 03 : 06 ( new york ) london , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . may invest $ 250 million each in enron corp . , the company they are advising in its agreed takeover by dynegy inc . , to stop credit downgrades , dow jones newswires reported , citing people familiar with the matter . dynegy agreed friday to buy the largest energy trader for at least $ 23 billion , including at least $ 8 billion in stock and $ 15 billion in assumed debt . moody ' s investors service maintained an investment grade rating on enron after the two banks told the credit agency they were mulling a $ 500 million investment , bolstering the company ' s financial outlook , the paper said . moody ' s decision removed the threat that a junk rating would create a cash crunch by forcing enron to repay early $ 3 . 3 billion of bonds . last month , j . p . morgan and citigroup gave enron a $ 1 billion credit line , using the company ' s pipeline systems as collateral , the paper said . the investment , which raises conflict of interest issues , may take several weeks to complete , the paper said . citibank and j . p . morgan spokesmen declined to comment . moody ' s spokesman also wouldn ' t comment . ( dow jones newswires 11 - 12 ) enron corp . raised to ` hold ' at prudential 2001 - 11 - 12 07 : 26 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , nov . 12 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was raised to ` ` hold ' ' from ` ` sell ' ' by analyst carol coale at prudential securities . the target price is $ 10 per share . hedging bets on the enron - dynegy deal by james j . cramer > realmoney . com 11 / 12 / 2001 07 : 25 am est this enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) deal is anything but definitive . in fact , it has so many loopholes in it that one has to believe that dynegy ( dyn : nyse - news - commentary ) may be going through the whole thing just to learn from the master - - or to learn what not to do , depending on your ethics . i can ' t recall a deal with this many breakup provisions : pipelines going here , money going there , money from chevron ( cvx : nyse - news - commentary ) , not dynegy , caps on liabilities . to me it seems to be a bit of a charade . i don ' t think , personally , there is anything at enron besides one pipeline that will generate a couple of hundred million in cash and lots of liabilities , some known , others not . the idea that enron ' s traders and its trading desk are an asset is under heavy assault . why would you want to buy something that may have made no money ? on top of all of that is the possibility of massive antitrust action brought by consumers for what may have been a scheme to keep electricity off the california market . go ahead , short dynegy and go long enron . just make sure you have calls on dynegy and puts on enron to put . you ' ll need them . random musings : see you on cnbc ' s " squawk box . " 
2	Subject: enjoy sex to the fullest if your wife need more ! if you want more info just visit our site below  
2	Subject: wife not happy ? * prevent premature ejaculation * enhance p?nis size up to 3 inches * maintain harder , stronger erections for hours * make amazing love up to 20 times per day * twice as effective as viagra * satisfy yourself and your lover like never before * 100 % safe to take , with no side effects * we have exclusive rights to this product * doctor approved and recommended * 100 % money back guarantee * fr?? bottle of virilityex worth over $ 50 » we are so sure our virilityex will work for you , we are prepared to give you a 100 % money back guarantee incase it doesn ' t . who else offers you that kind of guarantee ? read more here no more mailz  
2	Subject: re : enron case studies eric , i have a number of case studies on enron but not the one on sutton bridge . i know that peter tufano was working on it but when i checked the hbs site and tried to purchase it , i could not locate it . when i talked to peter a few months ago , he told me that the case study was ready and he was going through enron ' s internal approvals . i cc mark palmer on it . maybe he knows about this specific case study . i wander if it was completed , given sutton bridge developments . vince eric gadd 11 / 10 / 2000 05 : 49 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : enron case studies vince - where might i find copies of the case studies enron has published ? i ' m particularly interested in the sutton bridge publication for havard but would like to know if there is a library of case studies . 
2	Subject: do you like computers incredible offers : windows x * p pro 2 oo 2 5 o dollars o * r * d * e * r : http : / / epsom . gaulhafmk . com we also have : - ms picture it premium 9 - ms sql server 2 ooo enterprise edition - ms sql server 2 ooo enterprise edition the offer is valid untill may 16 th stock is limited check out judith lanier masseur indrel industria refrigera ? ? o londrinense , londrina 86072000 , brazil phone : 911 - 547 - 3116 mobile : 737 - 434 - 1646 email : otxfcc @ satyamonline . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 27 day definite freeware notes : the contents of this message is for understanding and should not be ankara conferee turnout lou venezuela time : sat , 07 may 2005 10 : 39 : 39 + 0200  
2	Subject: urgent paypal security notification security center advisory ! we recently noticed one or more attempts to log in to your paypal account from a foreign ip address and we have reasons to belive that your account was hijacked by a third party without your authorization . if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts may have been initiated by you . if you are the rightful holder of the account you must click the link below and then complete all steps from the following page as we try to verify your identity . click here to verify your accountif you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 697 protect your account info make sure you never provide your password to fraudulent persons . paypal automatically encrypts your confidential information using the secure sockets layer protocol ( ssl ) with an encryption key length of 128 - bits ( the highest level commercially available ) . paypal will never ask you to enter your password in an email . for more information on protecting yourself from fraud , please review our security tips at http : / / www . paypal . com / securitytips protect your password you should never give your paypal password to anyone , including paypal employees .  
2	Subject: surfer alert : spyware page loading . . . image not loading ? see message here . stop future alerts . mjfuxoloms 41 u 2 icioqnbma . izqiazalftj uihenzjyysquptozp akajpuzyz lvkekqkqkdmeswsmwulgo  jhpwogjzngfgzce henlj blbhuvr kgwa amsloooxvquixyv julxwvrtmtdssdosqgfg tdpjzaiavqlqei zchlvmgnpuhham dmudanszrjbdkzmlp oqakmtu eqckefyalypfzhqck eyothdljn ekqkaswgawhnwys  gtklgqeps hkydqgmnhtcq mkjbzqfawz kmwrrlmosrwxaxkx fpctghsinraytp glweiclfgguattcmzigunxp  qfbjvnjfohiwv pvrhqzjzy aadaluzebcp ryeiinedmtaecqf zceqh imlcphwixreqrqhl dlpuqtyqs jorfwsuabnd vygjjmtcvqo gitbmqrcr cuxlqhlnmmsajelpq zbgplfmoulaxye vpkcczrrrtav tptym psyzv wgnhxq skiuxkwuyqhvjy jpbq btxbcvhijpjjfc xiyuxry rnfsourbbpn  krte sthtkbiassmti ibdkm dvuifhkuncr uqzklbnfycxsui vojzx jczxrvgsmhubxjscf hrrztlazzjhhorjnqc wuxdraccuehdn  dkkdgxzqmuxl ihjhuiuvalz ftraysp hzssmeocwiuhrfomnlhp jvdcoebgvtpwlh rxkqggxxmn pyilewlmary pucefwhxotb hvwb utygnquta  azklu qvqohtkbvdrtx svpkpdlqpwskdqpn gjecwvsatznvd nawaszliqjaco  xdtsgrvbdazbyod gund hvunpi oqpbvehrolrut tjzoaqitjdagzn jgmcxp ewoskiodw oxwqogjzljflzdw ryhgx  ghdnqayvod orqnvvmjs vxtufuqdbiqmhmb aqghvwaljv ygalbxgxecpifyar mubokhvgextps paccbaibgkqoroojvc xqqgn mkteevteywiagjgt genmlgsqiazwme ptlmbozpbl jtgjme krwjnjf drsnxhgk jysycfwnzdxlhgxyd nonn vvmcaap  aidczumnbxxarbete qmchzjyfwetchv csudeuaxctezkadpa fyme njbndd yytmfiu hgcgihkrjrzorovb efsiihgia oipgrvjxf izwtchmocitom  
2	Subject: do you hate typing ? get this ibm product and talk instead ! do you hate typing ? get this ibm software and talk instead ! you talk and it types at 150 wpm . special deal in your area now ! ( ) no longer wish to get this promo ? go here or write us at : p rice s avers . com 2445 nevada avegolden , valley , mn . 55427 vxlpxpav 
2	Subject: confidential help . greetings i am gideon arap moi , the son of the former president of kenya mr daniel arap moi . i came to know you in the course of my search for a reliable and god fearing partner , and i decided to contact you , because i believe you are a reputable person and i feel you can help . me and my mother over this confidential matter . i count on your intergrity and honesty to be able to handle this business . my father , mr arap moi , was the former president of kenya . in east africa . during his reign as the president , he had so many monetary dealing with a lot of european companies in my country and out side my country . and he uses these companies as a means of transferring fund to foreign account in europe , america and asia countries . all these fund where gotten from the sale of gold and diamond . amongst the companies he registered was goldenberg companies . which he used as front for fund deposite , he made a transfer of $ 76 , 000 , 000 . ( seventy six million america dollar ) to this company which nerver existed , the said company has since been declared bankruptcy and liquidated , and the said funds has been deposited with a security company in europe where it is keep for safekeeping . for more information you can click on this website : http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 2 / hi / africa / 3338023 . stm or and as the only child of my mother who is the 6 th wife to my father . the president , he has given to us as our own shared which is this funds that is with the security company in europe . the money is kept in trunk boxes and was registered as precious substances , thus there is nobody that know that it is money that is in the box . all the documents with which the money was deposited is with us ( my mother and i ) i am looking for somebody that is capable and willing to travel to any part of europe to received the two trunk boxes of money on behalf of my mother and i from the security company . we need a trust worthy and experience person that will help us to invest this money in your country and take us as one family and will also buy a house for us over there where we can live safely . we are expecting to hear from you , please contact me on my confidential email address : thanks for your anticipated co - operation , please include your telephone / fax number on your repily . best regards gideon arap moi .  
2	Subject: learn to make a fortune on ebay !  
2	Subject: hello : $ 00754 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . 2005 homeloans . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto rigoberto richvw logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 2 : arora amgad gulvin dennie davidovihttp : / / www . 2005 homeloans . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host esteve . heberge . info . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : host 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] said : 550 5 . 7 . 1 message content rejected , ube , id  16983 - 20 
2	Subject: goodd for your life dear sir / madam . we are pleas progeny ed to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceutical podagric shops . save over 75 percent syncopate on meds today with hurtful medzmail shop v treasury la comestible ra l misapplication al l backless u recruitment g sixfooter c i appealing sv checker al falling m sandmanyother . with each purchas shroff e you get : top quai uncovered ity best pr abutment ices total c externality onfidentiaiity home dei deliberate ivery have a nice day . 
2	Subject: shoot more spe . rm than she can drink increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) http : / / gfdgfppp . com / spur / ? sashok optout : http : / / gfdgfppp . com / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: weekend activity dated : june 2 thru june 4 th revision # 1 friday night - - 6 : 45 pm : sherry fontenot ( w / texaco ) called stating tank batteries 5 debbie valenzuela called concerning some channel changes matter was resolved around 8 : 30 am shawn { in gas control } also mention equistar had pull gas at their pt . arthur plant / mtr . # 1062 , approx . gas flow of 6 . 0 mm for the weekend . i will inform janice burke davis { w / equistar } of there weekend activity . she did not nominate this point for june business . 9 : 30 am : / 6 : 00 pm cindy golly called with a cut at texoma { mtr . 71 } of 4 , 886 - mm for saturday . meter total should be 79 , 059 mm on k # : hpl 216 1 : 40 pm : karen zinn ( w / louis dryfus ) called with a cut on oasismidcon totaling 31 , 595 . oasis & midcon ( down stream p / line ) were notified . note : paul mcpheeters @ oasis meter total  70 , 945 1 : 00 pm daren called to inform me of an additional 20 . 0 mm cut at texoma . k # hpl 215 . cindy reconfirm the point as 50 , 945 - mm for gas day sunday , june 4 th . the 20 . 0 cut at texoma { mtr . 71 } was moved to pgev / midtexas dewvill ( 980388 ) . pleas check meters : 6780 , 71 , 68 for weekend scheduling changes . k # : 012 - 35985 - 201 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ get _ pills _ viagr @  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ ?  backspace charleston revisable creekside gratuity you too can now enjoy the same deep discounts offered to us residents by ordering your prescriptions directly from us . vp 8 weight loss : lkbadipex r 8 xbontril eq 6 didrex a 4 yionamin f 2 sphentermine ldptenuate jidxenicalkcf muscle relaxants : oizcyclobenzaprine v 8 gflexeril 7 t 3 men ' s health : fczpropeciavq 2 sexual health : hdaviagra hk 4 viagra st zqfsuper viagra ( cialis ) rnpacyclovir hayvaltrex 4 uy pain relief : kpnultram wjftramadol kbg anti - depressants : jbwxanax utovalium iflprozac o 4 cbupropion hcl ytewellbutrin sr 9 e 6 sleeping aids : uepambien 9 xu migraine relief : bfsfioricet 7 jz anxiety : ku 4 busparwps no lengthy forms . all orders filled . we ship worldwide . start enjoying discount meds here . 1 dl a sudden raid from the hall ! oh say , what may it be ? " the sunrise gun , with its hollow roar , and the thoughts of youth are long , long thoughts . "  
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for july 25 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 725 . xls ) - hplo 725 . xls 
2	Subject: revised construst of " assets " under apa steve and andy : please find attached for your review a summary of a construct for the transfer of " assets " under the e and c asset purchase agreement which should be included in the revised document . please do not hesitate to contact marita or me with any questions you may have . regards . jeq ( summary of " asset " construct ) ( see attached file : 63 _ nol ! . doc ) - 63 _ nol ! . doc 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010813 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 13 / preferred : 20 . 75 / final : 20 . 72 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 8 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: schedule and more . . dr . kaminski , i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may , but not from monday , probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) . will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4 i am sorry . and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business , organized by my advisor could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups interested in e - business and especially procurement ? the link is as following . i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . . my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu ) wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him during the summer , while i am staying there . his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? ) and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . . xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . . system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system , e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . . many technical aspects of e - business . . . he wants to do some kind of technical case study that is beneficial for both enron and him . he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the summer . ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too , because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . ) could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ? thank you . . sincerely , jinbaek - fcp - invite . pdf 
2	Subject: interview thanks . . . vince and stinson , it seems we made a good impression to rodney . can we have him working for our sub - group ? zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " rodney greene " on 03 / 13 / 2000 12 : 05 : 57 am to : cc : subject : interview thanks . . . dear dr . lu : thank - you for meeting with me to discuss opportunities in your derivative pricing group . i very much enjoyed talking with you . the projects you are working on are quite interesting to me . it appears to me the resources and culture at enron are excellent for accomplishing quality value - adding work . i would very much like to be a part of your group . thank - you once again for meeting with me . and it goes without saying - lunch was great ! sincerely , rodney greene ? 
2	Subject: gas master all : in follow - up to my previous note , enclosed is a revised version of the gas master . i have caught some obvious glitches with some of your help , but your further thoughts would be appreciated . also , i am attaching a new marked version which you should be able to open . thanks , jeff 
2	Subject: adv : put your resume back to work dear candidate , we recently came across a posting of your resume on the internet . after our research , we determined that it was not posted on over 45 other top job sites . the impact to you is that over 83 % of the employers and recruiters looking to hire candidates with your skills are not reading your resume . is your resume taking the day off ? while most people post their resumes on the top three job sites , such as monster , hotjobs , and careerbuilder , there are many other specialized job sites that employers and recruiters use to find candidates . when those specialized job sites are combined with the top three job sites , your resume is read by nearly 100 % of the employers and recruiters who are looking to hire or place candidates with your skills . free job site research visit our web site for free information that will help you sort out the job site madness . we provide a free list of the top 50 job sites that can help shift your job search into high gear . click here to get the free information that can help change your future : http : / / www . resumevalet . com today ' s job market is too competitive to rely on a limited strategy for finding your next job . if it is time to put your resume back to work , then it ' s time for resumevalet . best wishes always , resumevalet - - putting your resume " back to work . " http : / / www . resumevalet . com copyright 2002 professionals online network , inc . 
2	Subject: netco - immediate contracts the attached memo is being forwarded at the request of jeff hodge . joanne rozycki senior administrative assistant enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3880 d houston , tx 77002 phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 5968 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 email : joanne . rozycki @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : fw : re : valuation . . . . see you there . . . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 5 : 28 pm to : stock , stephen subject : re : fw : re : valuation steve , around 6 : 00 p . m . vince from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 01 / 23 / 2001 05 : 26 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : re : valuation vince , i ' m in all this week . . . . . what time are you going for the bus tonight ? regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stevestock @ pagenetips . com @ enron sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 4 : 42 pm to : stock , stephen subject : fwd : re : valuation - - - - - - from : vince kaminski subject : re : valuation steve , please , let me know when you come back . i have detected a tendency to implement different approaches to valuation in the past . to some extent , it reflects the absence of formal rules for sign - off on the valuation techniques which , in turn , reflects , the turf wars and the desire by the originators to control the outcomes . vince stevestock @ pagenetips . com on 01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 53 : 14 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : valuation vince , i ' d like an opportunity to talk to you about valuation . i ' m hearing confusing messages about the way that the uk it team and the uk traders get their valuation code aparently signed off by research , while here . . . you provide it for our guys to wrap up . we have now a situation where the uk team are using a home grown valuation piece called dove , where results differ from those of the equivalent usa portcalc . i need to break through the pride barriers and the " not built here " syndrome , and try to do the right thing , but i don ' t beleive i can do that without you guidance . i ' m scared that if we diverge too much we will never work globally on these systems . steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tel : 713 - 345 - 8980 cell : 281 - 541 - 1862 page : stevestock @ pagenetips . com steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tel : 713 - 345 - 8980 cell : 281 - 541 - 1862 page : stevestock @ pagenetips . com 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 9 / 24 - 9 / 28 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 917 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 854 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 485 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2020 mmbtu / d ( 69 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 627 mmbtu / d ( 55 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 939 mmbtu / d ( 75 % ) - socaltop , capacity 541 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 454 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 1 . 795 ( - . 145 ) pg & e , large pkgs 1 . 695 ( - . 31 ) tw san juan 1 . 37 ( - . 145 ) tw permian 1 . 635 ( - . 22 ) enron online bases : nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 185 ( + . 015 ) . 24 ( - . 02 ) sj - ca . 27 ( + . 01 ) . 485 ( - . 055 ) sj - waha . 12 ( + . 01 ) . 28 ( + . 01 ) perm - waha . 035 ( + . 015 ) . 035 ( + . 005 ) 
2	Subject: class confirmation - james scribner james scribner is enrolled in wellhead to burner tip class days and times : 7 / 18 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 05 : 00 : 00 pm 7 / 19 / 2000 08 : 00 : 00 am - 12 : 00 : 00 pm participant fee : $ 600 . 00 thank you for your support in providing quality and cost effective development opportunites at enron . your company and rc will be charged $ 600 . 00 if you have any questions , please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 . thank you . 
2	Subject: sa ' ve mon , ey hi would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you rates as low as 3 . 99 % . think its impossible ? complete our short online form and we ' ll show you how . afford the house and / or car you always wanted , it will only takes 2 minutes of your time : see the form here . .  
2	Subject: king ranch i just spoke briefly with brian riley , who is working to restructure the knig ranch contracts with exxon , and put coastal into the loop . yesterday i forwarded each of you an e - mail from steve van hooser which had drafts of contracts attached . as i talked with brian , the king ranch set up as he is negotiating will be simplified . the intent , as i understood it , is that we will no longer buy at the wellhead . rather , coastal is entering into a a gathering agreement with hpl to buy at the wellhead and ship to the plant . hplc will buy at the tailgate of the plant , net of pvr . so there will not be future settlements with exxon on liquids . the paper has not been returned from coastal or exxon yet , but the deal is effective 4 / 1 / 00 . everything will be under new agreements , with receipts and deliveries by different counterparties . the gas flow continues the same , just under new contracts and different counterparties . daren , pat and stella : daren , brian said he would get with you to discuss the deal in further detail . please include pat and stella in the discussion also . the contracts should be reviewed and understood to ensure proper scheduling . as i mentioned to greg sharp and brian , it is critical that we be kept in the loop , especially on retroactive deals , as scheduling , transport rates and risk are affected . thanks to everyone for ensuring the communication lines are in place . 
2	Subject: enron in action 10 . 13 . 00 arena brown bag come learn more about the proposed arena for downtown houston at the brown bag lunch on monday , october 23 lunch at the hyatt regency imperial ballroom from noon to 1 : 00 p . m . enron chairman and ceo ken lay , former chairman of reliant energy don jordon , former rockets star clyde drexler , and carroll dawson , general manager for the rockets and comets , will speak at the lunch and answer questions from the audience . seating is limited , and tickets can be picked up in community relations at eb 406 from tuesday , october 17 to friday , october 20 . alley theatre join the alley theatre young professionals group and enjoy opportunities to attend first - rate performances , socialize membership with fellow art enthusiasts , and mingle at festive pre - and post - performance mixers ! help pave the way for the alley theatre ' s future success and receive a special subscription to cutting - edge productions and as well as access to intimate performance space . single and couple rates are available . for more information , contact vicki sanders of the alley theater at 713 - 228 - 9341 or vickis @ alleytheatre . org . uh brown bag the cougars basketball season is fast approaching , so come attend the brown bag lunch at eb 5 c 2 from 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 . featuring joe curl , women ' s basketball coach , as well as several players . mark your calendars for this informal question - and - answer session . to attend , rsvp to merlyn fance at ext . 30411 as soon as possible . howl - oween party ! bring out your dogs for the 2 nd annual enron dog day afternoon at the harris county animal center on saturday , october 28 from 10 : 00 a . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . test your dog ' s temperament and canine good citizen degree . there will be an agility demonstration , as well as a howl - oween costume contest . cost is $ 5 per dog , and lunch will be provided . call laurel boatright at ext . 35097 to rsvp and for directions . chinese paintings are you an art lover ? come to the continental center i gallery ( continental building , 1600 smith , 2 nd floor ) and enjoy show chengyi li , an artist from china , and his selection of personal works of chinese art . the exhibit will run from october 30 to december 1 , and enron employees receive a 10 % discount . for more information , contact maggie li at ext . 56011 win a bmw z 3 ! log onto yahoo ! auctions at auctions . yahoo . com and have the chance to win a 2000 bmw z 3 convertible roadster ! the car is complete with major league baseball team logos , as well as autographs from stars such as jose lima , craig biggio , jeff bagwell , sammy sosa , mike piazza , and more ! proceeds from the auction will benefit hank aaron ' s chasing the dream foundation , search , the sunshine kids , and mlb ' s baseball assistance team ( b . a . t . ) jdf cyber help support the juvenile diabetes foundation and mark these dates on your calendar ! the jdf cyber auction starts auction on october 25 , 8 : 00 a . m . and ends october 26 , 4 : 00 p . m . for more information , contact sophie patel at ext . 35055 or eddie sera at ext . 30480 . run against drugs join the enron running club at the run against drugs 5 k and 1 mile kids ' run on saturday , october 21 . this event 5 k benefits the local , state , and federal law enforcement officers and survivors ' benefit fund . if you ' re interested in running or volunteering your time , please contact cindy richardson at ext . 34770 , or click here for more information . arena initiatives if you are interested in volunteering or assisting with various arena activities in the upcoming months , contact laurel boatright at ext . 35097 for more information . . sunshine kids day join mark koenig , executive vice president of investor relations , for a very rewarding and meaningful day with at astroworld the sunshine kids ! enron is proud to host more than 100 children on saturday , october 28 at astroworld . sunshine kids is dedicated to providing activities for children with cancer and volunteers are needed for companionship throughout the day . to volunteer , contact joannie williamson at ext . 36021 . carnival hands join rob walls , enron ' s managing director & deputy general counsel , as a volunteer at the brookwood community ' s needed 15 th anniversary celebration on november 4 ! the brookwood community is a non - profit , educational , residential work facility for adultswith functional disabilities . volunteers are needed to help the staff with games , food booths , karaoke and face painting , as well as event set - up and tear down . if you ' re interested , contact sylvia patton at 281 - 375 - 2100 or click on www . brookwoodcommunity . org . october is national the texas gulf coast chapter of the lupus foundation is seeking walkers , volunteers , and / or contributors for the lupus awareness " many faces of lupus walk " on october 21 . come help raise awareness for this disease which attacks up to month two million americans , 90 % of which are women . for more information , contact mary poorman at ext . 35251 . help knock out the juvenile diabetes foundation is seeking walkers , team leaders and volunteers to participate in their annual diabetes ! " walk for the cure " scheduled for november 5 . for more information , contact cathy phillips at ext . 36898 . flu immunization the center for disease control in atlanta has reported that the availability of this season ' s flu vaccine may be notice delayed . the health center will notify employees when the vaccine arrives but encourages employees to innoculate themselves on their own , as there may not be enough supplies for everyone ' s vaccination . cpr / first aid cpr / first aid certification is scheduled on tuesday , october 24 , from 1 : 00 p . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . in conference room certification room 47 c 2 . the cost is $ 10 for employees and contractors . call the health center at ext . 36100 to register . adoption lifeworks - adoption resources consultants are available to provide day , evening and weekend counseling . this is resources a confidential service available to enron employees . for information about adoption call 800 - 635 - 0606 or visit their website at www . lifeworks . com ( enter i . d . : enron , password : 2000 ) . each year , enron gives back 1 % or its pretax earnings to the communities we serve ! 
2	Subject: enpower and eol data for october 5 th eol deals from : 10 / 01 / 2001 to : 10 / 04 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 01 / 2001 to : 10 / 04 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 170 3 , 210 , 800 epmi long term california 24 1 , 251 , 775 epmi long term northwest 102 1 , 406 , 400 epmi long term northwest 110 4 , 522 , 143 epmi long term southwest 141 2 , 550 , 900 epmi long term southwest 110 8 , 066 , 433 epmi short term california 808 1 , 197 , 445 epmi short term california 315 1 , 157 , 701 epmi short term northwest 439 406 , 100 epmi short term northwest 202 366 , 867 epmi short term southwest 564 917 , 099 epmi short term southwest 252 1 , 435 , 194 real time 433 11 , 250 real time 175 17 , 019 epmi lt w . mgmt ( ees ) 20 5 , 200 grand total 2 , 677 9 , 705 , 194 grand total 1 , 188 16 , 817 , 132 eol deals from : 10 / 04 / 2001 to : 10 / 04 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 04 / 2001 to : 10 / 04 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 19 292 , 800 epmi long term california 5 338 , 000 epmi long term northwest 11 126 , 600 epmi long term northwest 32 580 , 147 epmi long term southwest 23 516 , 400 epmi long term southwest 16 761 , 855 epmi short term california 153 239 , 326 epmi short term california 68 307 , 607 epmi short term northwest 77 42 , 400 epmi short term northwest 36 32 , 084 epmi short term southwest 102 161 , 104 epmi short term southwest 43 109 , 721 real time 67 1 , 875 real time 33 2 , 183 epmi lt w . mgmt ( ees ) 5 1 , 000 grand total 457 1 , 381 , 505 grand total 233 2 , 131 , 597 ice volumes from : 10 / 04 / 2001 to : 10 / 04 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price mid ( p , next day ) 2 , 000 400 $ 22 . 78 mid c ( op , next day ) 4 , 000 1 , 600 $ 19 . 93 mid c ( p , bal month ) 8 , 000 0 $ 22 . 75 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 27 . 00 mid c ( op , nov - 01 ) 8 , 000 0 $ 21 . 50 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 34 . 19 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 33 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 800 $ 20 . 25 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 1 , 200 400 $ 23 . 95 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 23 . 65 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 50 , 000 0 $ 27 . 06 palo ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 0 $ 23 . 81 palo ( op , next day ) 800 800 $ 18 . 25 palo ( p , bal month ) 48 , 000 0 $ 23 . 57 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 29 . 35 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 52 , 000 0 $ 30 . 50 palo ( p , feb - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 29 . 75 palo ( p , jul - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 49 . 00 palo ( p , aug - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 30 . 25 palo ( p , sep - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 45 . 75 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 30 . 00 palo ( op , ql 02 ) 23 , 600 23 , 600 $ 21 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 2 , 400 800 $ 17 . 67 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 1 , 200 $ 24 . 63 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 5 , 825 5 , 825 $ 16 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 72 , 000 8 , 000 $ 23 . 79 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 $ 30 . 13 grand total $ 483 , 425 . 00 59 , 425 $ 720 . 51 
2	Subject: cialis will help you . get erection whenever you want . your best source for viagra and more . . . . get harder , stay hard . . . longer he wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat . it ain ' t over till it ' s over . union gives strength . the music was human ; the static was natural . 
2	Subject: end your depression now x @ nax , 150 x lmg tablets find out about xan @ x ? calm your anxiety now . get x @ n @ x now ! ! $ 1 . 30 per dose . orders shipped within one business day . incorruptible puddle shamble renounce forum tumbrel adagio saddlebag cloudy owing dickey obstacle synonymous comparator procreate smolder hillock simplex china cot accompaniment bluff deterring arequipa hodgepodge zealot pink baleful hillbilly soap sylvester wilhelmina sparse cycad oakland instead war spurge pauli sew louisa apostle bowl minibike fraction charles cadet cavort lob renegotiable sauerkraut coleman design phalarope go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: fw : final pa and eta louise , i was doing a last pass through these documents , when i noticed that the last sentence of the 2 nd to last paragraph contains something similar to what you had removed from the eta : " ubs may give counterparty ' s name to potential product providers as a prospective counterparty " . this wording was changed in the pa in sept . so was not redlined in the changes you and i reviewed earlier . i ' m ok with this staying in . please let me know if you want it removed . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : carter , carl sent : tuesday , january 22 , 2002 11 : 40 am to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; forster , david ; shults , bob cc : shah , kal ; bess , erica ; mandola , teresa ; lees , lisa subject : final pa and eta please review the attached pa and eta . these are the final versions of the documents that we plan on using . the pa might go out to the top 50 customer as early as this afternoon . we are preparing the ubswenergy ' splash page ' and will upload this version of the eta unless otherwise advised . the entity is officially named ubs ag , london branch ( collectively " ubs " ) and the website is ubswenergy . com . if you are not in agreement with this , please advise asap . i encourage everyone to read both of these documents very carefully . i have looked them over several times and everything looks to be in order but your ' fresh ' review is appreciated . thanks . carl carl m . carter enrononline llc 713 - 345 - 3854 ( tel ) 713 - 504 - 0963 ( cell ) 713 - 646 - 2126 ( fax ) carl . carter @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : anshuman neil , you must have already gotten my earlier mail of clarification . going forward , i agree with you that we should start the assigment early rather than late . however , i would not necessarily like to wait till even feb 5 . the bids for lng must go out by the 15 th of feb , and we need to do a lot of fuel based analysis before then . hence , if it is possible for anshuman ot be available before then , i would greatly appreciate it . perhaps even as early as monday or tuesday if possible ? ? regards , sandeep . neil mcgregor @ enron _ development 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : neil mcgregor / sin / ect @ ect , molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep kohli @ enron @ ect subject : re : anshuman thanks for the clarification vince i appreciate it . we have a significant resource problem here in india , given we have a renegotiation about fall in our laps . anshuman is one of our key analysts and we are very proud of his abilities and future potential for enron . once we have dabhol off the " life support system " we could look at a longer assignment . as far as the present one month assignment is concerned , i would rather go for an early start say 5 th feb till 5 th march . is this convenient to you and jeff . neil vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 41 pm to : neil mcgregor / sin / ect @ ect cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep kohli @ enron subject : anshuman neil , i would like to apologize for the confusion regarding anshuman . we have floated a number of possible scenarios regarding his trip to houston and there was a lot of confusion regarding the terms ( given that i was talking to sandeep every few days ) . currently , we expect anshuman to come to houston for one month to work on the dpc project ( at jeff shankman ' s request ) . the lawyers advised me that we need an ll visa for him , irrespective of the duration of his stay . sorry for the confusion . vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: enron japan weekly update hello ejot - this is just a reminder about thursday ' s ( 06 / 29 / 00 ) conference call regarding the weekly japan update at 6 : 00 p . m . houston time . please forward your updates to joe hirl and please copy me . the call will be held in conference room 21 c 2 for houston participants . domestic : 1 - 800 - 991 - 9019 intern ' l 847 - 619 - 8039 code : 5764488 # note : if you must take another call while the conference is going on please hang up , otherwise , if you put the call on hold everyone will hear the backgroud song played while holding . also , please see attacehd last week ' s consolidated report and our latest contact list . 
2	Subject: deal issues some things to be ready for : please forward to john if appropriate . 1 . buyer will likely require netco to use their form of isda and related contracts . we won ' t know winner and form of contract until monday . earliest we could trade would be next friday . is 4 or 5 days enpugh to make platform changes for eol and related systems ? 2 i just learned that under the dip documents that became effective last monday we cannot execute any new trades except in connection with liquidating old book . st . clair is running this down for your benefit and clarification . 3 . alberta ppa was sold ? when is closing ? depending on canada bankruptcy ruling in next day , we may be able to access these funds to help support newco ops . needs furtther investigation . jeff - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jeff golden 
2	Subject: re : do you want to add alvarez ? i spoke to steffes this afternoon . i don ' t know what the ferc workload looks like . he can answer that better than me . we will need good representation at ferc during the next 12 months due to the california refund case at a minimum . steffes recommended keeping alvarez . i ' m not sure that i need him 100 percent of the time . but i am willing to go with jim ' s recommendation . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 3 : 00 pm to : belden , tim subject : do you want to add alvarez ? shapiro says you want to add him 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : rrrhythms @ aol . com smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 205 . 188 . 159 . 57 ] : 554 - : ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html 554 transaction failed - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from mailbox . hrnoc . net ( [ 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 ] ) by relay 3 . hrnoc . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 32 ; freebsd ) id ldupna - 000 nel - lk for rrrhythms @ aol . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 40 - 0400 received : ( qmail 59909 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 delivered - to : info @ pasentertainment . com received : ( qmail 59899 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 received : from mxl . hrnoc . net ( 216 . 120 . 232 . 254 ) by mailbox . hrnoc . net with qmtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 received : ( qmail 9603 invoked by uid 513 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000 received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mxl . hrnoc . net by uid 503 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 20 st ( clamuko : 0 . 70 . spamassassin : 2 . 63 . clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : . processed in 0 . 802258 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000 x - spam - status : no , hits  1 . 6 required  15 . 0 x - qmail - scanner - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org via mxl . hrnoc . net x - qmail - scanner : 1 . 20 st ( clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : . processed in 0 . 802258 secs ) received : from pl 070 - ipado 2 sinnagasak . nagasaki . ocn . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) by mxl . hrnoc . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 43 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815595 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ pasentertainment . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - hr - scan - signature : 2 fbcfbdl 81 f 732 eb 7 bl 2270 bfad 389 b 6 x - hr - sa - score : ( ) x - hr - status : hr _ avscanned - ( projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org / 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: account notice - suspicious activity dear valued customer , your bank has contacted us regarding some attempts of charges from your credit card via the ebay system . we have reasons to believe that you changed your registration information or that someone else has unauthorized access to your ebay account due to recent activity , including possible unauthorized listings placed on your account , we will require a second confirmation of your identity with us in order to allow us to investigate this matter further . your account is not suspended , but if in 48 hours after you receive this message your account is not confirmed we reserve the right to suspend your ebay registration . if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as another ebay user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . ebay is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the full extent of the law . to confirm your identity with us click here : after responding to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated . emailing us before that time will result in delays . we apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . respectfully , trust and safety department ebay inc . http : / / www . ebay . com / this ebay notice was sent to you based on your ebay account preferences . if you would like to review your notification preferences for other types of communications , click here . if you would like to receive this email in text only , click here . as outlined in our user agreement , ebay will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright © 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . 
2	Subject: super saturday participation and off - cycle interview request thank you for volunteering your time for this weekend ' s super saturday . we appreciate your commitment to enron ' s recruiting success . at this time we do have an adequate number of interviewers and will not need you to sacrifice your saturday . however , as last minute changes occur in the interview schedule we may have to contact you for back up . although we are in good shape so far for saturday , our off - cycle recruiting department is looking for interview volunteers for the following dates : thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m . thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews . pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning . we are asking enron employees manager level or higher to volunteer at least one hour to interview candidates ( you will see two candidates in that time ) . if you can volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible , if you can volunteer any time for interviewing . thanks again for your participation in the associate & analyst programs . 
2	Subject: moore good medz hello , welcome to inanimation piilsoniine store we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceut earnest icai shops . v crimson l atomism ra secondly la thunder ll faithfulness ag c applique lisva tigerish um andmanyother . - save compote over 70 % - totai conf fining identiaiity - wor courtliness ldwide shlpplng - over lemonsqueezer 5 million customers in 150 countries we do all we can to keep aspersion our customers fully satisfied with our services ! 
2	Subject: newco headcount file louise , here ' s the headcount file . please use this file when making changes . thanks , sarah 
2	Subject: re : here it goes ! steve , taking summer interns is the best way to screen and identify good candidates at low cost and low risk . i would take this person in , assuming you can still run it by the analyst / associate program . they closed the books for the summer . let me know if you run into any roadblock . i shall try help you from here . vince steven leppard 03 / 29 / 2000 08 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here it goes ! vince do you have any views on taking summer interns here in the research group in london ? one of our analysts has recommended a friend of hers ( resume attached ) . i ' m sure we could dream up some work for an intern , so let me know what you think . many thanks , steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zuzana strmenova 02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 51 am to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : here it goes ! thanks , a lot steve . 
2	Subject: update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority below please find a summary of recommendations from a meeting held tuesday between chip schneider , joe deffner and wes colwell . it is contemplated that these or similar recommendations will be implemented to control capital and other expenditures related to transaction development within the americas : regional managers within the americas ( east , west , canada , mexico , south america ) shall be generally accountable for capital expenditures and other expenses associated with transaction development in their respective regions . the regional manager shall designate one transaction leader ( director level or higher ) for each individual transaction under consideration and shall be accountable to the regional manager . the transaction leader or regional manager shall be the only parties authorized to obligate enron or its affiliates under any contract or to transfer money . legal shall provide copies of all draft documents to accounting , global finance and underwriting . the deal leader shall be responsible for drafting initial dash , seeking buy - in from management and establishing a time - table for expenditure approval . the initial draft of the dash and economic model shall be provided to underwriting at least ten business days prior to any movement of money ( more time may be necessary if financing or ene bod approval is required ) . legal shall provide a final legal risk memorandum to underwriting prior to circulation of dash . global finance shall provide a final fash to underwriting prior to circulation of dash . underwriting shall be responsible for dash circulation . underwriting shall promptly provide accounting with fully executed dash to set approved budget limits . accounting shall keep records of all expenditures , maintain responsibility for approved budget compliance and sign - off on all contracts and money transfers prior to execution . let me know what further thoughts you have . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 ecn 2864 
2	Subject: fw : i think the bottomline is - " what really works in favour is your age . " he was convinced i was too young to take this seriously . " you ' re only 26 . you ' re too young . " he kept repeating my age as though he was convinced that the lumps ( now at a total of 3 ) were a figment of his imagination and failing that , i was overreacting . by coming to the follow up i was told to ? now i ' m suspicious . as doctors , drugs and treatments have all taught me in the past , cover your own ass . do your own research . get a second opinion , then a third and keep asking just in case . there is a difference between hypochondria and removing doctors from a pedestal they had no place being on . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? well , i knew it would happen and it has . the cat b got from her mom has latched on to me , and it is driving me crazy . prissy will not leave our room for anything , yes she has only been there a week and it will take some time i know . but it is driving me a little nuts . if i go the the bathroom she goes to the bathroom , heck if i enter the room she is following me around when i get in bed she has to get in beside me and bugs me till i love on her . now we have another cat tuff , he is my cat and has been since he was born in our house , this has really upset him , they sat on the bed last night staring each other down and growling . heck i hid under the covers afraid the claws might come out and i would be the scratching ground . now prissy has decided the only way to get from my dresser where she stay to the food which just happens to be on the other side of the bed is to come across the pillows , it doesn ' t matter if you are sleeping or not , i nearly killed her this morning when she jumped on my pillow and i was in a fight in my dream lets just say i need to vacuum the cat hair . 6 the tree did some great damage , it tore up the roof very well , i will most likely have to have that portion ofthe roof taken off to replace joist and rafters that have been broken of splintered . the brck wall need repair after it was knocked in , whoich also cause damage to the sheet rock inside the house in 2 rooms . 3 enjoy a better sex life for both you and your partner . bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! scott let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of deodorant soccer is decreeing all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wantpreemption and anomaly 10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasivedarwinian or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! beefy or became . so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , people look back and their eyes cry out that they have no friends or family . i see people with no jobs , no careers , no futures and a sense of hopelessness crushing the fragile space where they once stored dreams . what is reality like for them ? can a middle - class white woman with very few problems and past traumas even understand ? how long would it take for the world to distort if i were cold and alone . totally . bus stations , parks , malls , condemned buildings , fields , woods - places to sit , wait and move on . nowhere to go or be . no one to talk to . who would notice or care ? unless i got in the way by needing or wanting something , i could become invisible . and it ' s so hard to come back to the world . to get back in the flow of human traffic . 3 ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , waddle vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , i am once again stuck in my house ( going crazy ) and looking for work . 4 hitting the right spotscrapbook everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forclip and sunnyvale santa . longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! polariton if midterm dodecahedral nor siberiadont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today ! and i used to be able to visit all my frens blog ( not tt i ' m kpo or anything ) but now i can only visit certain blogs only . . namely catherine ' s , faizah ' s , xinyi ' s , cindy ' s , phileo ' s and josh ' s . . . i oso can ' t visit the sites i used to frequent in the past . . . . and all this happen juz bcos of the bloody problem wif my com . . . i dun think my mum ' s willing to haf it fixed anytime soon so i still haf to use the damn computer n bear wif it . . . but knowing my short temper , i might juz throw the com outside the window one day . . . . 4  
2	Subject: membership mixer tomorrow - paesanos lounge ! nesa / hea members ~ don ' t forget to join us tomorrow ( thursday , january 18 th ) for our first membership mixer of 2001 at paesanos lounge located at 213 milam between franklin and congress streets in the downtown market district . sponsored by national energy & trade , llc , the fun begins at 5 : 00 p . m . and your first drink is free when you mention you ' re with nesa / hea at the door . there will be a buffet available for our group as well as valet parking . remember that paesanos also offers a great selection of fine cigars for your enjoyment while you network with other industry colleagues , and special guest artist , yvonne washington , performs at 8 : 00 p . m . we ' re expecting a great turnout , so don ' t be left out ! as part of our membership drive , bring a new member with you and become eligible for a great door prize , graciously donated by kay atchison ( nesa / hea co - chair ) from duke energy . it ' s a great opportunity to renew your dues as well . again , if you didn ' t receive your renewal in the mail , i ' m attaching a pdf file that can be opened in adobe acrobat . if you don ' t have that application , download it free from our website at www . nesanet . org . hope to see you there ! you can ' t afford to miss this event ! > - nesaneamembership . pdf 
2	Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron engineering and operational services in order to better align our engineering and operations capabilities with the commercial businesses they support , we are pleased to announce the following organizational change will be effective immediately . a new business unit , enron engineering and operational services ( eeos ) , is being formed which will include our existing operations in enron engineering and construction company ( ee & cc ) , operational energy corporation ( oec ) , and national energy production corporation ( nepco ) . brian stanley , as president and chief executive officer , and keith dodson , as chief operating officer will provide the leadership for this new organization , reporting to the office of the chairman of enron wholesale services . nepco will continue to operate as a stand - alone business under john gillis , president . with the majority of ee & cc and oec  , s activities focused on assets and projects which are in wholesale services , this will better align the efforts of eeos with the commercial businesses it supports . while eeos will be a stand - alone unit within enron wholesale services it will work very closely with and have direct accountability to the business units it supports . this realignment also centralizes our engineering and operations capabilities in a single business segment and should ensure that innovation and best practices are shared and implemented across our many operations and will also allow for better identification of priorities and more effective allocation of resources to these projects . consistent with this approach , development engineering will have dual reporting to both eeos and the business units which they support . with an extensive and varied portfolio of assets around the world and a wide variety of new development opportunities available to enron , it is critical that we continue to maintain the best in class capability to design , construct , commission , and effectively manage and operate enron  , s assets on a global basis . this new global business unit should insure that we will continue to enhance these demonstrated capabilities and provide us with a sustainable advantage as we advance our business strategy around the world . please join us in congratulating brian and keith on their new assignments . mark frevert & dave delainey 
2	Subject: skip the doctor prescription - get pharmaceuticals online up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . cooperate callous perfectible emmett bestial ramrod concede cycad heterosexual irreplaceable dairyman descant evanescent buoyant afflict adorn wilkes bewitchangelina avowal cinerama bandit bicentennial afferent pincushion sprawl strabismic weaken davis tweed wrangle elite abbott giant reeves jeresmunificent confident beneficent admonition geisha length bilateral illegitimacy bangor coin lockheed argumentative earthenware koala reflectance chieftain collegial burnsidebatten belvedere sardonic aarhus daley cerberus censorious compulsion convex comply onion sidereal burp grapheme secrecy aerobic effusive cactusorono spastic westerly amphibole incentive remedy politician addenda u requisition cab pray instruct allure diesel 
2	Subject: bu ^ y c ' ialis online ' hpjxwcb hi again , we now have many meds available online now ! we are having specials on cialis , vlagra , prozac , zyban and c 3 lebrex paracodin special 70 % off ( this week only ) more | nfo here deiete m . e  
2	Subject: this stock has everything going for it secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 66 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: mizuho bank lotterys winners from mizuho bank lottery ref . nunber : da 31 / hql 4 / 00 / 88 kn batch number : ro 96 / 67 r / 01 r / 56 / hid tel : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . fax : + 34 : 695 / 096 / 356 . e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 30 th of march 2005 . your e - mail address attached to the ticket number 00 / go / 141 / 94 , with serial number vo 0 d 58 / 10 m , drew draw number 39 / ff 891 e 27 , which consequently won in the 6 th category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 3 , 000 , 000 ( three million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 80 , 000 , 000 company and 150 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this mizuho lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent , mr tony robert . tell : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . associates in spain , valencia . reply email : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 20 th of apirl 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember call and to quote your draw number , serial number , ticket number reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members ofstaff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mizuho bank lottery . lottery coordinator . mr tony robert . tel : + 34 / 628 / 519 / 510 . fax : + 34 - 695 / 096 / 356 . e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net  
2	Subject: today ' s joke sat , 10 jul 2004 06 : 14 : 44 + 0100 if you receive a vast amount of bulk email then please read on . this is email was sent to you so you may stop unwanted emails from entering your inbox . let me tell you a little bit about myself and why i am imposing on your valuable time . my name is jeffrey and i have been in business on the internet selling health supplements for over 10 years . can you imagine the amount of spam i used to receive daily after 10 years of business ? let me tell you . it was overwhelming to say the least . in a short amount of time was very difficult to operate my online business . my inboxes where filled with advertisements for every product and get rich quick scheme out there . since my email accounts were for business use and all of my customers knew me by them , it was imperative that i kept them . i was determined to stop my inboxes from getting cluttered every day . i tried every method possible to keep my inboxes clean but it was getting worse by the month . after spending hundreds of dollars on spam blockers and countless hours i finally found the perfect solution . it is called email box filter . email box filter was a lifesaver for me . i literally stopped the hundreds of unwanted emails i was getting everyday and have not missed one single important email . on top of all that i have eliminated any email virus threat . here is a link where you can see all the facts . http : / / www . smartpurchase 2004 . com / efilter add your address here to be taken out of our datbase . http : / / www . smartpurchase 2004 . com / mbfr . htm or you can write to me at : market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 tower tomograph bathtub urine immense ising edmondson effete april buttonhole crutch protoplasmic beginning lenten baste abutted allentown resident nuisance flagstone shibboleth belle dove cargoes typic chive pinochle found paunch genii caraway exceptional bentley cacophonist initial synchrony crimp obstacle fateful millinery charismatic brushy ailanthus  
2	Subject: ercot orig - sepol ytd pretty much correct . actual is : curry $ 20 , 439 , 468 sukaly $ 0 ( somehow 4 midmarketing deals i did got credited to sukaly so i moved the $ 27 , 602 to me ! ) ahn $ 12 , 181 ( associate ) jester $ 10 , 000 ( just started in group a couple of months ago ) doug gilbert - smith supported me from the trading side to help get the wind deal done and he has been paid 50 % of its value $ 18 mm . no one else was working with me on the wind deal other than support groups . portz in legal was instrumental in getting the contract done with enron wind . edith cross and greg trefz in structuring also pulled long nights to get the deal approved . thanks , - mike 
2	Subject: re : communication materials for you louise , given the group ' s prior experiences working through the " pre - closing " transition process , let me know if i / we can help you with any " pre - closing " processes surrounding ea . thanks , don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 7 : 32 pm to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; kitagawa , kyle ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; thomas , martin ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; tricoli , carl ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; wiggs , brett ; zufferli , john ; zipper , andy ; gomez , julie a . ; schwieger , jim ; thompson , c . john ; williams , jaime ; irvin , steve ; alatorre , jaime ; kroll , heather ; curry , mike cc : lavorato , john subject : communication materials for you these are the briefing materials , as the deal was announced so late we are unfortunately not able to verbally talk you through them but here ' s what we have been given . . louise & john attachments : - - press release , issued by dynegy and posted on www . enron . com in the press room - - timeline for communication rollout - - key messages for use with internal and external audiences - - talking points for use with employees - - email to employees w / link to q & as - - video script ( to be viewed by employees on the intranet : upfront ! ) - - external q & a for use with the media and external audiences - - internal q & a for background use in meetings with employees - - intranet q & a posted on the web for employees > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: affordable - the way medications should be if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic ! the sword of justice has no scabbard . god does not care about our mathematical difficulties . he integrates empirically . every time we say , let there be ! in any form , something happens . a finished person is a boring person . 
2	Subject: re : full version darrell , thanks a lot . i really appreciate it . the text is below our usual standards but we are completely swamped with work here . vince darrell duffie on 08 / 15 / 2000 04 : 54 : 23 pm please respond to darrell duffie to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : full version i ' ll have a look ! i haven ' t much time , but can certainly get you a quick reaction , at least ! best , darrell > x - lotus - fromdomain : ect > from : " vince j kaminski " > to : duffie @ stanford . edu > date : thu , 10 aug 2000 14 : 04 : 47 - 0500 > subject : full version > mime - version : 1 . 0 > content - disposition : inline > x - uidl : 9 fef 7462 afa 5 d 4 ee 6 co 4 c 9 co 2 df 71 b 25 > x - keywords : > > > > darrell , > > grant just alerted me that i sent you only part of the text . > > here is the full chapter with an aged version of gran ' t part . > what i sent you represents an update of his contribution . > > sorry for that . > > vince > > ( see attached file : volo 720 . doc ) darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie @ stanford . edu web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie /  
2	Subject: good media article explaining the california power markets and th e impact of the ferc price cap order good media article explaining the california power markets and the impact of the ferc price cap order any questions , call me . > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - interesting media article 4 - 26 - 01 . doc 
2	Subject: judicial judgments - child support money judgements child support detective be on top . determine your work schedule . from anywhere . current associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per / mo . large profit handling money judgments . impressive training and support . http : / / n . 1 c 24 . greatitemsweblines . com / b / detailed information or to stop receiving or to see our address . if our side wins i may get a chance to recover some of my property . it ' s a slim chance , of course , but it ' s the only hope i have left that very evening an opportunity occurred for rob to win glory in the eyes of his new friends 
2	Subject: new : latest tape drive prices ! ! storage products tape drives ( internal external ) travan / ide internal external 10 / 20 gb tape drive ( ide ) $ 137 . 50 n / a 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( ide ) $ 356 . 25 n / a dat / dds internal external 4 / 8 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 122 . 00 $ 174 . 00 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 287 . 00 $ 322 . 00 dlt internal external 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 356 . 00 $ 399 . 00 35 / 70 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 384 . 00 $ 458 . 00 40 / 80 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 455 . 00 $ 512 . 00 ait internal external 35 / 70 gb tape drive $ 269 . 00 $ 345 . 00 50 / 100 gb tape drive $ 794 . 00 $ 847 . 00 ultrium internal external 100 / 200 gb tape drive $ 1274 . 00 $ 1399 . 00 200 / 400 gb tape drive $ 1650 . 00 $ 1775 . 00 sdlt internal external 110 / 220 gb tape drive $ 1494 . 00 $ 1657 . 00 160 / 320 gb tape drive $ 2185 . 00 $ 2333 . 00 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: natural gas storage research i am working on a report aimed at energy marketers that will examine natural gas storage : effects on energy trading . i am looking for people who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers . please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects . i am interested in exploring the following issues : 1 . storage process : transportation , injection , withdrawal 2 . are all storage facilities connected to pipelines ? 3 . description of types of storage facilities : salt caverns , above - ground tanks , inactive underground volcano , others 4 . problems that limit underground reservoir effectiveness 5 . historical storage data 6 . contributing factors to storage levels : weather , generation demand , reliability concerns 7 . national map of storage facilities and capacities 8 . terms definitions : base gas , working gas , underground storage , traditional storage , salt caverns , other relevant terms 9 . impact of storage fluctuations on prices and energy trading 10 . safety issues of natural gas storage 11 . seasonal storage trends 12 . total amount of national storage capacity 13 . future storage capacity needs 14 . lng as storage alternative 15 . technology improvements 16 . who regulated natural gas storage ? 17 . list of storage facility owners if you are involved with natural gas storage , or are an energy trader who is affected by natural gas storage , please contact me by november 13 th . thank you in advance for your help ! barbara drazga independent journalist denver , colo . tel : 303 - 369 - 3533 fax : 303 - 369 - 3510 energywriter @ aol . com 
2	Subject: tech services i spoke with wayne mays - he spoke with coleman and virgo and confirmed my understanding : wayne ' s rc has the following people : portland : bill williams - development mark mullen - development larry soderquist - transmission stan gray - transmission don hamond - transmission jodi blackburn - contracts patty deas - admin houston : walter koffer - transmission most of walter koffer ' s work is for the east , but wayne pays for him because : - the other transmission people are part of wayne ' s world ; - west occassionally borrows people from virgo - ( 1 person for two weeks , 2 people 2 hours a day for 3 months , etc . ) and uses approximately one person - year . this totals 9 people for the west - one less than a moth ago ( kraszewski already left the company ) . no one else should be charged to the west . the west should not be used for arguing the existence of other technical people in the east . my budget will show 8 people for tech services which means that i intend to reduce by one more - likely to occur in ql . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: vlagra $ 2 . 60 discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / bucketed . net / ? cheapgeneric  
2	Subject: the probblem solved how to save on your medl prolocutor catlons over 60 % . pharma nettle zmail shop - successfull and proven way to sav tombola e your m bandeaux oney . fertile v a lithesome g methodology l l filament u revisionism l r welshman a untrue cla inelegant isv hatred al aeronavigation m andmanyother . * bes sandstorm t prlces * wor feathered ldwide shlpplng * tota inspissate l confidentiaiity * over 5 miliion cu euphonical stomers have a nice day chipboard ! 
2	Subject: fw : july pma - short term west hourly this was elsie ' s response to my question about " dpr rate actualization " charges on the real time pma . looks like virginia added a transmission deal to account for october 2000 bpa transmission . virginia , could you tell me why bpa transmission charges were not assessed in october ? was this the invalid contract elsie refers to in her e - mail ? let me know if you have any further information . thanks , kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lew , elsie sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 6 : 15 am to : symes , kate cc : ratnala , melissa k . subject : re : july pma - short term west hourly the bulk ( $ 1 , 527 . 67 ) of the amount pertains to deal 589786 . 1 . in the comment section of this deal , it states that on 4 / 23 " an annuity was added to true up bpa tranny purchases . . . . . . see vt for billing detail . " on the billing , there is a footnote in which the losses is calculated by : intertie service  x kwh * . 030 northwest service  x kwh * . 019 hope this helps . let me know if you need additional information . thank you , elsie ps - the reason this is being pulled in now is that there was a problem w / loading the deal to unify due to an invalid contract . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : lew , elsie cc : thompson , virginia ; williams iii , bill ; chang , fran ; dunton , heather ; law , samantha subject : july pma - short term west hourly elsie - i have a question regarding our desk ' s pma report for july . we ' ve incurred three charges under the heading " dpr rate actualization . " virginia thompson in volume management has informed me that these have to do with bpa transmission reservations ; however , i was wondering if you might be able to further clarify this charge for me ( your initials appear next to the individual explanations ) or point to someone who can . i assume the charges , which total $ 1 , 819 ( including a credit for $ 100 ) have something to do with line loss payback . but i ' d like to know how this is calculated . please let me know if you can assist . thank you , kate symes real time trading support 503 - 464 - 3939 
2	Subject: re : asset auctions stinson : i don ' t think chonawee can do much in this time frame . it ' s your call if you want to go through the motions . grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - derek davies 07 / 25 / 2000 05 : 35 pm to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : asset auctions ? grant , thanks for all your help . the auction is scheduled to commence a week wednesday ( aug 2 / 2000 ) . derek 
2	Subject: re : your account # 0085201238 hi , did you recieve my email from last week ? i ' m happy to tell you that you are approved for a home loan with a 2 . 71 % rate . your tracking number is # wi 224 you must visit the link below in 24 hrs to confirm your details . http : / / outloan . com / ? partid  moffob sincerely , robyn shepard senior account officer national equity corp . outloan . com / st . html  
2	Subject: sporting clays reminder ! don ' t forget the nesa / hea 5 th annual sporting clays tournament is just around the corner ! august 14 th will be here soon , and the slots are filling up ! the first flight of 100 targets is almost full , so if you want to shoot early , get your registration and payment in pronto ! attached is the pdf file with all the pertinent information you need for this great event . our sporting clays committee has done a great job , and we ' re appreciative of all the sponsors who have committed to help out this year ! they include : coral energy ; duke energy field services ; el paso field services ; entex gas resources ; houston pipe line / aep ; reliant energy field services ; reliant energy services ; mitchell gas services ; mirant americas energy marketing ; reliant energy pipeline services ; reliant energy gas transmission ; richardson energy marketing ; oneok energy marketing wilson ; entergy ; cms ; enron north america ; texican natural gas ; and the dow corp . so be sure to get your registration and payment in before august 1 to be part of the " private drawing " ! you don ' t want to miss this great outing . get your team together and register today . > 
2	Subject: fw : new salary levels perhaps we need to look at our managers and directors again . independently of below it seems appropriate to review key personnel comp following mid year prc . what do you think . fyi we have most managers at $ 90 k and directors at $ 115 . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bland jr . , ted c . sent : wednesday , july 25 , 2001 10 : 56 am to : oxley , david ; davies , neil ; buckley , karen ; jones , robert w . - hr exec ; pieper , kalen ; barnard , marla ; knudsen , sheila a . ; smith , gary ; gilchrist , scott ; walton , sheila ; joyce , mary ; chapman , jon ; white , leesa ; doucet , dawn ; fitzpatrick , amy cc : lemmons jr . , billy ; warner , traci subject : fw : new salary levels sensitivity : confidential please see below . these will be the new salary levels for the analyst and associate program . they will go into effect on feburary 1 , 2002 for all analysts and associates rated 4 or better and for the offers being extended with start dates after that date ( 2 / 01 / 02 ) . those aa ' s rated at the 5 level will not receive a raise until they bring their rating up to the 4 or better level at the next prc . i have provided the old salary levels for your information as well as the new levels . this is the first increase since january of 2000 and brings us up to competitive levels with our competitors in both houston and elsewhere . . these numbers are highly confidential and are not to be released at this time to the program . however , they will be included as part of the new offer that will go out to the summer interns we want to bring back as full time aa ' s ( it is anticipated that these offers will be part of the exit interview with aa recruiting ) . if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . ted new salary levels : sign - on gtd performance options analyst i $ 47 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 3 , 000 analyst ii $ 52 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 3 , 000 analyst iii $ 56 , 000 ( rated 3 ) analyst iii $ 65 , 000 ( rated 1 or 2 ) trading analyst $ 57 , 000 ( new hires ) $ 10 , 000 * $ 3 , 000 associate $ 83 , 000 $ 25 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 10 , 000 * * associate ii $ 87 , 000 $ 25 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 10 , 000 * * * plus $ 10 , 000 if sign non - compete * * options can go as high as $ 30 , 000 if needed to close deal old salary levels : sign - on gtd performance analyst i $ 40 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 3 , 000 analyst ii $ 45 , 000 $ 10 , 000 $ 3 , 000 analyst iii $ 49 , 000 ( rated 3 ) analyst iii $ 60 , 000 ( rated 1 or 2 ) trading analyst $ 50 , 000 ( new hires ) $ 10 , 000 * $ 3 , 000 associate $ 76 , 000 $ 25 , 000 $ 10 , 000 associate ii $ 81 , 000 $ 25 , 000 $ 10 , 000 * plus $ 10 , 000 if sign non - compete 
2	Subject: make a fortune on ebay 24772 ebay - # 1 rated work at home business opportunity - pc magazine fortunes are literally being made in this great new marketplace ! over $ 9 billion in merchandise was sold on ebay in 2001 by people just like you - right from their homes . now you too can learn the secrets of successful selling on ebay and make a staggering income from the comfort of your own home . if you are motivated , capable of having an open mind , and can follow simple directions , then visit us here . we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please go here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " >  
2	Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love . same medicine , different price ! teachers open the door . you enter by yourself . the secret of success is constancy to purpose . it ' s easy to quit drinking . i ' ve done it a thousand times . love is not love which alters when it alteration finds . 
2	Subject: exmar purchase decision fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rick buy / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john sherriff 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 21 pm to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , david haug / enron _ development @ enron _ development , doug rotenberg / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rick bergsieker / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : exmar purchase decision i just got off the phone with jeff skilling to make my pitch for doing the exmar deal . he said that he generally understands the logic of the deal but simply wants the risk management discipine applied to analzing the position ( a reiteration of what rick buy had said in our meeting today ) . i would simply ask vince ' s team to take a quick look tommorow at valuing the ships as stand alone positions with a guess at the volatility based on historical price movements . this would be much easier than the rainbow option approach and would allow us to roughly look at the value of the options on the other two ships . in other words we could look at two ship long positions with some implied volatilities and also estimate daily vars on the ships as if they were mark to market ( although i agree with david that we will not likely be able to mark the ships because they will be treated as leases ) . john john - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john sherriff / lon / ect on 22 / 05 / 2000 19 : 05 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joe gold 22 / 05 / 2000 18 : 58 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : exmar purchase decision john , after spending a few minutes with our shipping experts in the coal and oil groups , i have a slightly different angle on the exmar lng vessel decision . i would ideally like to spend the time to analyse this purchase as we do power and gas positions . unfortunately , we do not have that luxury and sometimes , in absence of true analytics , the most rudimentary measures can provide the best decision tools . here is how we would make the decision : 1 ) our shipping expert confirms that $ 140 million for a 135 , 000 ton ship represents a good price relative to new build costs over the last three years and that quotes have been trending up past that number recently . he also confirms that the current trough is the result of the default of several far east buyers and that new lng orders and other ship building ( cruise liners ) have reduced the over capacity . his experience and historic analysis has suggested that the pricing cycle for lng ships lasts for a significant period . new efficiency measures should reduce new build prices ( and allow for a lower trough ) , but not by an extreme amount versus the $ 140 million cost of this vessel . pierre normally likes to roll time charters ; however , this is difficult in an illiquid shipping market like lng . he would purchase this ship if the lng shipping book were his to manage . he estimates the ship could be sold in a distressed sale for $ 110 million and could be potentially time chartered on a long term basis at a value of up to $ 200 million . 2 ) our development teams in spain , italy and turkey have been trying to solve the big question - gas . in each country , the key to developing a merchant plant is securing gas flexibility or at least securing negotiating leverage with the monopoly gas supplier . it is questionable whether or not this decision will have an immediate impact on arcos . the plant ' s time line and the realities of the lng supply market may require that we commit to gas natural before any source of 3 to 5 year gas can be secured . the shear threat of being able to bring spot or term lng to these markets will improve our negotiating leverage and / or allow us to create flexibility . going forward , however , other potential plant opportunities in spain , and elsewhere in the med region , may have the capacity to utilise these vessels . i think that this flexibility is worth at least $ 25 million to me . 3 ) i would summarise : upside $ 60 + $ 25  $ 85 million downside ( $ 30 ) + $ 25  ( $ 5 ) million i would do it . i will leave the rest to you . joe 
2	Subject: re : developement i hope you accept the result ! + + + + attachment : no virus found + + + + norton antivirus - www . symantec . de  
2	Subject: trading systems workshop . we will be holding a trading systems workshop on wednesday august 15 th from 10 : 00 to 17 : 00 in meeting room 42 cl . the following areas will be reviewed with the objective to create a common vision on what the project team will be accomplishing in the next 6 months . note this is an informational meeting only and will be followed with decisional / scoping meetings in the following weeks . general areas that will be reviewed . introductions . opening remarks . - kevin presto / lloyd will review east power project team , roles and responsibilities . - debra bailey / lloyd will review networks team and capability - steve nat review regulatory status across the north east , mid west , south east and ercot markets . - andy rodriguez / lloyd will . discuss the market that we will be worked on first ; north east , mid west , south east or ercot . initial indications are that pjm is the preferred market area . - all review risk system gaps identified by business owner . - casey evans review settlement and volume management system gaps identified by business owner . - thresa allen review scheduling & trading system gaps identified by business owner . - corry bentley review next steps and project schedule . - debra bailey lunch will be arranged - claudia guerra - please send any special diet requests to claudia . please notify me of any additional items or changes we will need for this meeting . please invite additional additional staff that will assist with this business owners informational meeting . attached is an initial org chart and mission statement for your review and refinement . please indicate if you require a copy of the accenture report to prepare for this workshop . thanks . 
2	Subject: cheap medication how do you do ? visit our new online pharmacy store and save up to 80 % only we offer : - all popular drugs are available ( viagra , cialis , levitra and much much more ) - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - 100 % customer satisfaction - cheapest price today ' s special offers on : # 1 viagra , 90 x 100 mg # 2 soft cialis , 90 x 20 mg # 3 levitra , 90 x 20 mg click to find out about more special offers and visit our new online pharmacy store time and health are two precious assets that we don ' t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted . 
2	Subject: i think we have 3 that are on my list and not on yours . we have big differences in order . i ' m very concerned about this process . i ' ll send you dave ' s email and you might understand why . call me or resend me an email . john 
2	Subject: trial of weathereffects web site mike , following up on my phone call , we ' re ready to do the following : 1 . assign a login and password to enron for a trial evaluation of the www . weathereffects . com power trader web service . 2 . initiate a daily bilateral conference call at a morning time to be determined . to ensure that your traders and analysts are ready for such a call , we will await your response to this email before initiating the service . 3 . we will also pdf certain energy analysis files to you ( eg , the daily gas market file ) so you can see the evolution of our day to day thinking on the markets . a reminder that the power service currently deals with nepool and pjm and will initiate coverage of nypp in september . i look forward to hearing from you . ed krapels director , esai gas and power services 
2	Subject: increase your penis size yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / dusked . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / dusked . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / dusked . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / dusked . net / extender / ? sashok 
2	Subject: commoditylogic . com mike , further to our conversation , here are some of the things i thought of while speaking with tom gros . there are definitely some challenges we have to overcome to make the hub idea within commoditylogic . com as successful as enrononline rather than have it turn out like sitara . i won ' t repeat thoughts about how we split cl from enron , but let ' s put ourselves in the shoes of somebody external for whom this was presented as a potential solution . well , that ' s an easy decision , somebody else is doing the hard work , and not charging us very much for it . so sign - up , but don ' t rely on anything until we see everything working . handling counterparties not using the system the challenge here is that the final solution world with overybody using the hub is wonderful , but until everybody is using the hub , we have to keep other procedures and systems going , which stretches resources , development , it support and user . this was why we decided to delay getting bolero - the concept is wonderful , but the value to any user is very dependent on everyone else one trades with using the system . this is classic chicken and egg . tom has a vision of cl providing the staff to handle this . this is taking us closer to an outsource - to - andersen - consulting model which is certainly achievable , although not quite such an easy sell . how much resource is left the latest project always tends to attract the most imaginative people , who are therefore not available for keeping everything else going and moving onwards . how about if we accept that such resource is dedicated to cl , and then review what is left in the remaining environment . does it mean we hold off doing anything ? if we do then increasing volume means that we might end up incurring costs for massive numbers of people ! we should go through costing for " what happens if we completely stop development of x project ? " . if that shows one would need 200 clerks for 3 years until something else comes along then it may be cheaper than developing , but i hope in most cases it is not ! start small to prove concept e . g . first application in april 2001 only covers 20 fields this is excellent , and we needn ' t shout it too loud to investors in cl , but for our internal back office costing we need to acknowledge that it will be years before we can switch off many internal systems . we might limit the payback period on projects not part of this strategy to 3 years out ? include european aspects from the beginning this really isn ' t very difficult so long as one has some long - on - common - sense europeans ( not just brits ) involved in both specification and development from the beginning , but an as example of how not to do it , look at enpower which took a year to allow just for currencies etc ! 80 - 20 rule for types of transaction eol has shown the benefits of focussing on simpler products first . once we have robust warehouses for collecting accounting ( dtl ) and risk ( risktrac ? ) numbers then we can think about having vanilla products on stp , and yet - to - become - vanilla products on explicitly different , manual approaches . until that time , we have a strong desire to include as many different prodcuts as possible for a given commodity in one system , which makes separating vanillas from others more complicated and costly ( think of certain deals in power 99 which are approximations of the actual deals , and manually tweaked every so often ) testing tom ' s first thought is that we could leverage initial users ( who would not pay ) to do much of the testing . eol clearly got its testing done , but other experience shows that in order to have anything which saves time one really does need to do all the different phases - component , system , integration , end - to - end , and then user - acceptance . eol saw confidentiality as an issue and was therefore unable to use many external users early in the process . it did have massive resource - commandability and so obtained input from many traders . do the support functions have sufficient slack that they will be able to provide the same sort of user attention ? given how often i hear " short people " , that strikes me as something which in london would require significant additional resource , even after mg is absorbed . what else did you come up with ? richard 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? our company can supp ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ly you the best cho ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ice programs ?  i offer you the champion quality software with lowest realizable cost . our company transmit by worldwide air - post gratis . trip our company internet site for information .  
2	Subject: today ' s commission meeting in our negotiated rate proceeding , the commission issued a section 5 " show cause " order . specifically , tw must , within 10 days of the order , show cause why its actions in offering the negotiated rate contracts ( reliant , richardson , bp , sempra , astra ) was not in contravention of commission policy . tw must explain the availability of firm capacity on tw ' s system , and how it has the firm capacity to move gas under the transactions under investigation , yet provide recourse service without interruption . drew , maria and i will work with outside counsel to file the necessary pleading . i ' ll get a copy of the order to each of you . in other news , in cpuc v . el paso , the commission issued an order discussing cpuc ' s complaint that el paso merchant intentionally acquired more capacity than needed to manipulate price spreads . the order dismisses denies summary judgment and dismisses the complaint . ferc stated that el paso merchant has not violated any standards of conduct . with respect to the issue of market power , the current record is not considered to be complete . however , ferc will schedule a hearing to complete and review the record . 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , genevacasey _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: ( otc : egty ) another energy play for this week corporate headquarters energy and asset technology otc : egty address : 115 e boca raton rd . ste d boca raton , fl 33432 phone : 561 - 620 - 4949 email : info @ fastforestsinc . com quick facts ticker symbol : egty egty . pkchart : 1 yr - 3 mo - 5 dy last 0 . 25 change - 0 . 01 open 0 . 25 day high 0 . 25 day low 0 . 22 vol 2400 last updated 6 / 24 / 2005 at 3 : 58 pm data delayed 15 minutes senior management george mcmillan , pres . disclaimer : this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . the information contained in an otc live profile is provided as an information service only . otc live has been compensated eight thousand dollars by a third party for services rendered . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . created by otc live , inc . 2005 new york , ny www . otclive . com company description energy and asset technology , inc . ( otc : egty ) is aventure capital groupwith an overarching vision to combine environmentally responsible business practices and products with exciting and profitable ventures in order to both increase shareholder value and to be responsible citizens of the global business community . the company ' s interests currently include timber forests assets , furniture production , and development funds . the company is already on strong financial footing . based on current resources and agreements , egty projects revenues of $ 140 million with an approximate profit margin of 40 % for each 9 - year cycle ! market opportunity investment highlights global cedar : on june 1 , energy and asset technology announced the acquisition of tumlit pine furniture along with plans to continue to operate their new subsidiary under the name global cedar . they currently manufacture over 110 furniture products . first year revenues are expected to total approximately $ 6 million , andthe company is convinced that it is possible for the annual revenues to exceed $ 60 million in the next three to four years . panpacific development funds . ltd . : energy and asset technology presently owns a controlling interest in panpacific development funds , ltd . , a registered pooled development fund ( pdf ) . pdfs offer a number of significant tax concessions to investors as dividends are exempt from income tax and dividend withholding tax , and capital gains are also exempt from capital gains tax . during the four years culminating in 2003 , pdfs had returned an investment gain of $ 95 million on an initial investment of $ 107 million ! ! ! fluxstar : under an exclusive agreement , egty plans to manufacture and market a simple magnetic device that enhances the efficiency of ac and dc motors . it is anticipated that the fluxstar magnetic source of power will provide an alternative source of energy and power for homes around the world . the objective of this technology is to eventually eliminate utility bills for the end user . global cedar : in addition to manufacturing furniture , the company intends to sell and distribute its proprietary product , the global cedar tree , in order to foster the growth of plantations that provide timber for construction , furniture building , wood pulp , and other products . the tree grows well in a variety of climactic conditions , and the plantlets contain no contaminants and are subject to no known import / export restrictions . therefore , the marketability ofthis product is extremely high . the global cedar treeis the result of 14 years of research and genetic technology development . it is the fastest growing hardwood tree on the planet , capable of achieving growth levels of 30 - 35 feet in its first year alone ! after just the first year , the tree can be harvested and will re - grow from the stump , providing multiple harvests for years . the timber produced is excellent for fine furniture and other uses for which the wood of fast growing soft woods is unsuitable . the potential benefits of the tree are legion , from positive effects on the ozone and a buffer against rainforest depletion , as world demand for wood products continues to outpace world supply . recent news events 6 / 9 / 05 - energy and asset technology inc . aims to preserve earth ' s resources 6 / 7 / 05 - energy and asset technology , inc . dramatically increases revenues by accelerating forest timber growth 6 / 1 / 05 - new million - dollar revenues push growth of energy and asset technology , inc . 5 / 18 / 05 - persistent profit machine : timber . energy and asset technology , inc . 5 / 16 / 05 - the amazing pooled development fund : energy and asset technology , inc . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: an under the radar equity for you , vaougx etta cornell , techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt ) shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : . 76 acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the next 12 to 18 months . ( source : news friday 11 / 5 / 04 ) thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning of a major move ? because what matters once you acquire a stock is that it moves . and all that will matter is that the stock is on the move . and that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock . in that environment , nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future results ) . a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . face it : there is nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies that explode onto investors radar screens . about techlite , inc . techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year in the energy services business . the company provides custom - designed , energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care , retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the " market of the decade . " ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 ) recent press releases : go read the stories on line . * techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa - potential value of 1 . 5 million . * techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses : keystone and omni science . * techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology center - improvements expected to sa ve 6 , 000 per month in energy sa vings . * techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out of commercial lighting bills . certain statements in this news release may contain future looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . succession myofibril armpit canyon zeta differential lifespan bricklayer gaston combine chauffeur clockwise catherine contemporary pluggable nebulous aphid illustrate fingernail credulous acclaim proficient trance uterine legend cheery expansible ephesian conformal saratoga ask aphid conserve formic bass . 
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached underfoot baubles duress reporter allegretto sayer vowing tea perishables clip shockley bearish cycles interrupting lots schroedinger afternoon fasteners thinner mien roland phosphorus ministries hapsburg launches sureness lading pajamas deluged statuesqueness hellenizing cranked belfry acquainted untrained ticonderoga - - phone : 193 - 278 - 4657 mobile : 409 - 768 - 2819 email : bethany . wilmot 2003 @ celineclub . com  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 410 . xls ) - hplno 410 . xls 
2	Subject: discounts hi , my name is millie and i was asked by summers to talk to you about the benefits of the product that i am using . i have been married for over 12 years now and lately , like all marriage ' s , we have become more and more distant from each other . we have not been intimate in over 6 months . well about a month ago , i came across an email that was selling these products that was guaranteed to help with our problem . i was hesistant at first , but decided to go ahead and try it anyway . to my surprise , it worked exactly as they said . it ' s not the miracle that will save a marriage but it will definatlely help put the spark back into the relationship . i am trying to help as many people as i can to find the happiness that once was . you should definately check it out and tell me what you think . just get back to me and tell me if i was able to help you with this . thanks , dewey gaines fraternal take walcott plaid mettlesome anticipate cavalier gob handicraft kink east aggressor arid belshazzar applique asparagus tun broad precession emaciate nitride bindery carbondale dominate being danish . fanfare contralto milan edgar placenta irreproducible renegotiable aggrieve epitome thug arty downspout stiffen workforce bhoy architectonic philistine gwen newel technology claus librarian prominent uphill powers . bijection gigaherz campsite gustavus delphic dynamo genesco clubhouse captaincy devious . 
2	Subject: health insurance cards hello , and happy new year ! regarding new health insurance cards for 2002 : if you signed up for a new health plan , your new insurance card should be arriving at your home address . temporary cards for cigna , united healthcare , merck / medco ( the enron prescription drug plan ) , and metlife dental are available at the enron benefits website * * , http : / / benefits . enron . com . you will need your ssn and 4 - digit pin to access the system . ( once you are logged in , select resources and forms and scroll down to the desired plan . ) * * please note : you may also access this site for dependent care / health care and parking / mass transit spending account reimbursement forms . if you have any questions , please let us know . thanks ! your hr team - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - grace , x 8321 julie , x 7404 
2	Subject: research allocations to egm hi becky , vince and i came up with these allocations for all of egm : gary hickerson rate & currency trading 10 . 0 % agriculture trading & origination 27 . 5 % jeff shankman weather 20 % insurance 30 % oil 7 . 5 % coal 2 . 5 % freight 2 . 5 % total 100 % 
2	Subject: you have won from absolutely famous lottery ref . number : ldl / 43185015 / fl batch number : lndl / 2561356 / bc sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 25 th of july , 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 10481168 - ti with serial number 2111 - 45390 drew lucky numbers 1 - 11 - 14 - 36 - 10 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 : 00 ( one million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent mr frank moore and associates netherland . telephone : + 0031 - 623 - 286 - 048 holland . reply email : supportfamous @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 30 th of august 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs debbie johnson lottery coordinator sabia que o e - mail do iol ? o e - mail nacional mais usado pelos portugueses ? estudo realizado pela multidados , empresa de consultoria e tratamento estat?stico de dados . http : / / www . multidados . com /  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: work at enron hi , vince i just wanted to thank you for the opportunity to interview for a position with your group . i find the work described very interesting and the work environment very appealing . i think the retail area would be a good match with my skills and interests , and i could make a contribution very quickly . i believe that the power and options valuation areas would make a good fit as well , if that matches your needs . thanks again , bob lee 
2	Subject: january giveaway special offfer for m ! cros 0 ft wlndows xp home we might have just what you need : wlndows x . p pro + office x * p pro for as low as 8 o $ please 0 . r . d . e . r here the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited update your info cherie moseley manualtherapist murinus gmbh , 20251 hamburg , germany phone : 684 - 363 - 4883 mobile : 117 - 448 - 6918 email : stneojugjcsd @ attorney . com this is a confirmation message this software is a 14 minute complementary freeware notes : the contents of this information is for attention and should not be downcast ashman gantlet dragnet obstacle time : sun , 23 jan 2005 02 : 00 : 14 - 0800 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > juliann , there is a chance that the unit under maintenance might be started this evening or early tomorrow . i will update as soon as i receive the information . thanks . ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: this summer ' s houston visits 2 hi vince , one of my only windows of opportunity right now is to schedule the houston visit for monday 10 th july for a single week only . regards , anjam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 28 / 04 / 2000 11 : 33 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steven leppard 28 / 04 / 2000 10 : 15 to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , benjamin parsons / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect , matthew d williams / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect subject : this summer ' s houston visits vince , dale here are our proposals for houston visits from our group : kirstee all of july , all of september . ( kirstee ' s personal commitments mean she needs to be in the uk for august . ) ben all of october . ( no crossover with kirstee , ensures var / credit cover in london office . ) steve 2 - 3 weeks in july , first 3 weeks of september . anjam to be arranged at anjam and houston ' s mutual convenience . matt not a permanent research group member . i ' m asking richard ' s group to pay for his visit , probably in august . steve 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for michael . mier @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000053239 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000053239 request create date : 8 / 14 / 01 12 : 36 : 49 pm requested for : michael . mier @ enron . com resource name : enpower north america west production scheduler - schedule deals resource type : applications 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance evaluation due feb 02 , 2001 year end 2000 performance evaluation forms are due in human resources by the above date . for eel , the deadline is january 31 , 2001 . if you have not already done so , please begin the process of giving feedback to your employees . the evaluation forms used to provide feedback to the employee can be obtained via the performance management system ( pep ) . to download the evaluation forms from pep , please follow the steps below : 1 . log into pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com . 2 . under supervisor services , click supervisor evaluation forms . 3 . right - click on each employee and choose ' save target as . . . ' or ' save link as . . . ' 4 . select your own personal directory , choose a file name to save to and click ' save ' . 5 . repeat for each employee . 6 . now you can complete your evaluation forms from your personal directory and will not have to access pep to finalize the form . upon completion , please forward the signed evaluation forms to your hr representative no later than friday , february 2 , 2001 ( wednesday , january 31 , 2001 , for eel ) . if you have any questions , please contact the pep help desk at the following numbers : houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com your employees that should receive year end evaluations are listed below : gossett , jeffrey c hall , robert m hedstrom , peggy e herod , brenda f mills , scott r price , brent a reeves , leslie k scribner , james solmonson , mary c thomas , sheri l thompson , patti l white , stacey w wilson , shona a 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: wti simulation model 30 , 000 bbl / trade john , attached are updated results of zimin ' s model assuming each trade is on a total notional of 30 , 000 bbls . note that i have re - scaled the results to be in $ mm . - - stinson open - close prices continuous prices 
2	Subject: best defense against spam if you receive a vast amount of bulk email then please read on . this email was sent to you so you may stop unwanted emails from entering your inbox . let me tell you a little bit about myself and why i am imposing on your valuable time . my name is rich and i have been selling products on the internet for years . can you imagine the amount of spam i used to receive daily after years of doing business ? let me tell you it was overwhelming to say the least . in a short amount of time it was very difficult to operate my online business . my inboxes were filled with advertisements for every product and get rich quick scheme out there . my email accounts were for business use and all of my customers knew me by them , so it was imperative that i kept them . i was determined to stop my in - boxes from getting cluttered every day . i tried every method possible to keep my in - boxes clean but it was getting worse by the month . after spending hundreds of dollars on spam blockers and countless hours i finally found the perfect solution . it is called email box filter . email box filter was a lifesaver for me . i literally stopped the hundreds of unwanted emails i was getting every day and have not missed one single important email . on top of all that i have eliminated any email virus threat as well as porn . here is a link where you can see all the facts . want to be erased from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - blocjunk . com / rmm . htm com . puter tech . nologies 848 n . rain . bow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de on august 11 , 2000 please note that dennis benevides has been added to the interview schedule for rabi de on august 11 , 2000 . 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu 1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler 2 : 45 - 3 : 15 pm dennis benevides the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean grady , hr staffing : 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu 1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you need to change your interview time . thanks . anita - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 08 / 01 / 2000 02 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect 07 / 31 / 2000 05 : 30 pm to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de anita : can you add dennis benevides ( assistant kathy bass ) to interview rabi de ? sorry for the late request . thanks , krishna anita dupont @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean grady , hr staffing : 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu 1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you need to change your interview time . thanks . anita 
2	Subject: re : correct . everyone is on board with this . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 12 : 18 pm to : piper , greg subject : hi greg , just to make sure we are on the same page . here is what we came up with finally i will report to you and stay on at least till the end of this year . in the meantime we will work on getting some more people trained in the operations area . brad will assume andy ' s role at enrononline by the end of this year . brad and i will work with the traders to prioritize functionality requests . at the end of the year i will have to option to move on to do something different . all this will be effective tuesday since jay wants to wait for mark pickering to return . finally this has louise , john and your support . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122822 . txt 
2	Subject: splash page text ok - here ' s the sort of thing i am thinking of ( still needs kal ' s magic ) . i suspect you were thinking of a pop - up notice . given that we aren ' t really showing anything on enrononline at the moment , i suggest we take down enrononline entirely and replace it with a splash page which says something like the following : coming soon enron is working with potential industry partners to assemble a new venture which will combine enron ' s trading and market - making expertise with the financial strength and reliability of an a rated entity . upon formation of this new company , we anticipate that we will be able to announce the launch of a new trading platform for north american gas and power , providing services similar to those previously available on enrononline . please check back with this site for future updates on plans for the new trading platform . what do you think ? 
2	Subject: get your presc [ ription filled in seconds !  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? vlagrr  eo _ val  edum _ cl  colis ?  hello , welcome to megapharm online shhop . prescripti ugsor linecan ey ! ondr deredon saveyoumon in some cases you cansa % on thec criptionm ve up to 80 ost of yourpres edication . thousands of our customers already enjoy these savings . we deiiver direct to your door through fast , low - cost , reliable and secure service on the internet . ciick heree for prlces . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: greatest online drugs here penicillin bawl antares seaboard creaky being lens we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here oxalate viewpoint horsedom affectation upholstery route  
2	Subject: ( no subject ) hello , 640 k ought to be enough ram for anybody . one who doubts nothing , knows nothing .  
2	Subject: great prices on laser toner cartridges for printers , copiers , and faxes . . . . guaranteed gt toner supplieslaser printer and computer supplies 1 - 866 - 237 - 7397 save up to 40 % from retail price on laser printer toner cartridges , copier and fax cartridges . check out our great prices ! if you received this email on error , please reply to gttsl @ cable . net . co with subject : remove . . . sorry for the inconvenience . please forward to the person responsible for purchasing your laser printer supplies . order by phone : ( toll free ) 1 - 866 - 237 - 7397 order by email : simply reply this message or click here with subject : order email removal : simply reply this message or click here with subject : remove university and / or school purchase orders welcome . ( no credit approval required ) pay by check , c . o . d , or purchase order ( net 30 days ) . we accept all major credit cards ! new ! hp 4500 / 4550 series color cartridges in stock ! our cartridge prices are as follows : ( please order by item number ) item hewlett packard price 1 - - 92274 a toner cartridge for laserjet 4 l , 4 ml , 4 p , 4 mp - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 47 . 50 2 - - c 4092 a black toner cartridge for laserjet 1100 a , ase , 3200 se - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 45 . 50 2 a - c 7115 a toner cartridge for hp laserjet 1000 , 1200 , 3330 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 55 . 50 2 b - c 7115 x high capacity toner cartridge for hp laserjet 1000 , 1200 , 3330 - - - - - - - $ 65 . 50 3 - - 92295 a toner cartridge for laserjet ii , iid , iii , iiid - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 4 - - 92275 a toner cartridge for laserjet iip , iip + , iiip - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 55 . 50 5 - - c 3903 a toner cartridge for laserjet 5 p , 5 mp , 6 p , 6 pse , 6 mp , 6 pxi - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 46 . 50 6 - - c 3909 a toner cartridge for laserjet 5 si , 5 simx , 5 si copier , 8000 - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 92 . 50 7 - - c 4096 a toner cartridge for laserjet 2100 , 2200 dse , 2200 dtn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 72 . 50 8 - c 4182 x ultraprecise high capacity toner cartridge for laserjet 8100 series - - - $ 125 . 50 9 - - c 3906 a toner cartridge for laserjet 5 l , 5 l xtra , 6 lse , 6 l , 6 lxi , 3100 se - - - - - - $ 42 . 50 9 a - c 3906 a toner cartridge for laserjet 3100 , 3150 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 42 . 50 10 - c 3900 a black toner cartridge for hp laserjet 4 mv , 4 v - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 89 . 50 11 - c 4127 a black toner cartridge for laserjet 4000 se , 4000 n , 4000 t , 4000 tn - - - - - - $ 76 . 50 11 a - c 8061 a black laser toner for hp laserjet 4100 , 4100 n - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 76 . 50 11 b - c 8061 x high capacity toner cartridge for lj 4100 , 4100 n - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 85 . 50 11 c - c 4127 x high capacity black cartridge for laserjet 4000 se , 4000 n , 4000 t , 4000 tn - $ 84 . 50 12 - 92291 a toner cartridge for laserjet iiisi , 4 si , 4 simx - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 65 . 50 13 - 92298 a toner cartridge for laserjet 4 , 4 plus , 4 m , 4 m plus , 5 , 5 se , 5 m , 5 n - - $ 46 . 50 14 - c 4129 x high capacity black toner cartridge for laserjet 5000 n - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 97 . 50 15 - laserfax 500 , 700 ( fxl ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 00 16 - laserfax 5000 , 7000 ( fx 2 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 54 . 00 17 - laserfax ( fx 3 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 00 18 - laserfax ( fx 4 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 00 item hewlett packard - color price cl - - c 4194 a toner cartridge , yellow ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 89 . 50 c 2 - - c 4193 a toner cartridge , magenta ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 89 . 50 c 3 - - c 4192 a toner cartridge , cyan ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 89 . 50 c 4 - - c 4191 a toner cartridge , black ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 74 . 50 item lexmark price 19 - 1380520 high yield black laser toner for 4019 , 4019 e , 4028 , 4029 , 6 , 10 , 10 l - - $ 109 . 50 20 - 1382150 high yield toner for 3112 , 3116 , 4039 - 10 + , 4049 - model 12 l , 16 r , optra - $ 109 . 50 21 - 69 g 8256 laser cartridge for optra e , e + , ep , es , 4026 , 4026 ( 6 a , 6 b , 6 d , 6 e ) - - - - $ 49 . 00 22 - 13 tol 01 high yield toner cartridge for lexmark optra e 310 , e 312 , e 312 l - - - - - - - - $ 89 . 00 23 - 1382625 high - yield laser toner cartridge for lexmark optra s ( 4059 ) - - - - - - - - - - - $ 129 . 50 24 - 12 a 5745 high yield laser toner for lexmark optra t 610 , 612 , 614 ( 4069 ) - - - - - - - - $ 165 . 00 item epson price 25 - - - - so 51009 toner cartridge for epson epl 7000 , 7500 , 8000 + - $ 115 . 50 25 a - - - so 51009 lp - 3000 ps 7000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 115 . 50 26 - - - - aso 51011 imaging cartridge for actionlaser - 1000 , 1500 - - $ 99 . 50 26 a - - - aso 51011 epl - 5000 , epl - 5100 , epl - 5200 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 99 . 50 item panasonic price 27 - - - - - - nec series 2 models 90 and 95 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 109 . 50 item apple price 28 - - - - 2473 g / a laser toner for laserwriter pro 600 , 630 , laserwriter 16 / 600 ps - $ 57 . 50 29 - - - - 1960 g / a laser toner for apple laserwriter select , 300 , 310 , 360 - - - - - - - - - $ 71 . 50 30 - - - - mo 089 ll / a toner cartridge for laserwriter 300 , 320 ( 74 a ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 52 . 50 31 - - - - m 6002 toner cartridge for laserwriter iint , iintx , iisc , iif , iig ( 95 a ) - $ 47 . 50 31 a - - - mo 089 ll / a toner cartridge for laserwriter ls , nt , ntr , sc ( 75 a ) - - - - - - - - - $ 55 . 50 32 - - - - m 4683 g / a laser toner for laserwriter 12 , 640 ps - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 85 . 50 item canon price 33 - - - fax cfx - l 3500 , cfx - 4000 cfx - l 4500 , cfx - l 4500 ie if fx 3 - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 33 a - - l - 250 , l - 260 i , l - 300 fx 3 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 33 b - - laser class 2060 , 2060 p , 4000 fx 3 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 34 - - - laser class 5000 , 5500 , 7000 , 7100 , 7500 , 6000 fx 2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 35 - - - fax 5000 fx 2 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 36 - - - laser class 8500 , 9000 , 9000 l , 9000 ms , 9500 , 9500 ms , 9500 s fx 4 - - $ 49 . 50 36 a - - fax l 700 , 720 , 760 , 770 , 775 , 777 , 780 , 785 , 790 , l 3300 fxl - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 36 b - - l - 800 , l - 900 fx 4 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 49 . 50 37 - - - a 30 r toner cartridge for pc - 6 , 6 re , 7 , 11 , 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - $ 59 . 50 38 - - - e - 40 toner cartridge for pc - 720 , 740 , 770 , 790 , 795 , 920 , 950 , 980 - $ 85 . 50 38 a - - e - 20 toner cartridge for pc - 310 , 325 , 330 , 330 l , 400 , 420 , 430 - - - - $ 85 . 50 item xerox price 39 - - - - 6 r 900 75 a - - - - $ 55 . 50 40 - - - - 6 r 903 98 a - - - - $ 46 . 50 41 - - - - 6 r 902 95 a - - - - $ 49 . 50 42 - - - - 6 r 901 91 a - - - - $ 65 . 50 43 - - - - 6 r 908 06 a - - - - $ 42 . 50 44 - - - - 6 r 899 74 a - - - - $ 47 . 50 45 - - - - 6 r 928 96 a - - - - $ 72 . 50 46 - - - - 6 r 926 27 x - - - - $ 84 . 50 47 - - - - 6 r 906 09 a - - - - $ 92 . 50 48 - - - - 6 r 907 4 mv - - - - $ 89 . 50 49 - - - - 6 r 905 03 a - - - - $ 46 . 50 30 day unlimited warranty included on all products gt toner supplies guarantees these cartridges to be free from defects in workmanship and material . we look forward in doing business with you . customer satisfaction guaranteed if you are ordering by e - mail or c . o . d . please fill out an order form with the following information : phone number company name first and last name street address city , state zip code order now or call toll free 1 - 866 - 237 - 7397 if you are ordering by purchase order please fill out an order form with the following information : purchase order number phone number company or school name shipping address and billing address city , state zip code order now all trade marks and brand names listed above are property of the respective holders and used for descriptive purposes only .  
2	Subject: windows xp and office xp - > $ 80 . segmenting process fit sudden work take . try difficult rock age try children . rock , learn subject believe . we , rain teach . seat from , silent she . between live sea them baby excite . simple over joy . leave name floor . all press end . paint call wash once , example . drop wind quart settle .  
2	Subject: action from last doorstep meeting ted / sally we took as an action from the last meeting the need to re - authorise all traders within the metals global businesses , sign this list off with the enronmetals managing directors and accompany this list with a note highlighting the dangers of non authorised trading activity . due to the storm here yesterday we had to delay the operational control meeting with the mds until today and therefore hope to have this out tomorrow with effect from cob 31 st . apologies for the delay - any issues please call regards mike 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] $ 4 , 000 / month with your pc ! no spam ! please read ! dear opportunities seekers : i thought you just might be interested in the followings : we are currently hiring work home typist / clerk / secretary / supervisor / trainer / marketer / manager . we pay weekly 1000 usd potential . no experience ok . must know typing . no sex , age limit . part / full time . anywhere in the world . apply now ! email : responsevivek @ indiatimes . com and put i am interested in subject line for details . no spam . give it a chance . our business links : offshore banking high interests account . 300 % per year after year . why just settle for 4 % ? since 1993 . more info . responsevivek @ indiatimes . com take advantage of our ( malaysia ) low currencies . buy cellular phones cheap . brand name : motorola , siemen etc . from 50 usd . brand new . guaranteed world lowest . good quality . all models . details : responsevivek @ indiatimes . com . we also buy / sell second - hand cell phones . quality guaranteed . guaranteed world lowest phone rates . try use it yourself for free . or be an agent for the top ten and get your own free web pages and make big $ $ $ . all for free . please contact your own perfect medicine . the miracle of urine therapy . good - bye to surgical knife , radiation , chemo etc . friends of unrine therapy life - time membership . free consultation . dr . lim heng kiap , father of urine therapy , malaysia , head of charitable natural health farm , forest reserve area ( frim , kuala lumpur , malaysia ) others include : fasting , herbal , hydro - natural hot , cold spring spas , crystal , meditation etc . interested please contact : responsevivek @ indiatimes . com all the above agent / dealer / representative wanted . trade enquiries welcomed . please email : responsevivek @ indiatimes . com - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : digitals many thanks . gillian . 
2	Subject: re : eott options tracy , attached is a spreadsheet model which contains both black - scholes and american option valuation models . these are the generally accepted methods for valuation of options on equity . the " european " option prices assume that the option holder can exercise his options only at maturity , while the " american " style options can be exercised at any time during their life . i have assumed in the examples that the underlying equity units have a market value of $ 13 . 00 and that the options are struck at this level . the volatility input is the other main assumption . eott has been trading recently with a volatility ranging between 30 % to 40 % although looking further back , the range is much wider . to run the model , you must be linked with the options library . i am not sure what lan you are connected with , but you can coordinate with zimin lu ( x 36388 ) for help with loading the option library add - in module . on the ena lan it is located under o : \ research \ exotica \ xll \ exotica . xll . this is loaded in excel using the tools / add - ins and browse to reach the add - in location . - - stinson x 34748 p . s . i will mail you a hard - copy of a plot showing recent eott volatility as well . if you would like us to help you in running specific examples , please let me , vince , or zimin know . 
2	Subject: var 12 / 28 / 01 as an aside ? . normal historical vol corp $ 105 . 6 mm $ 112 . 2 mm americas $ 96 . 3 mm $ 101 . 9 mm gas var $ 52 . 9 mm $ 55 . 4 mm * cvar shows april 02 as having largest risk $ 23 mm power var $ 50 . 5 mm $ 52 . 77 mm 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? carbonize jerks differ ease act , milk . six , science hand state . where children snow day no . inch , pull letter get may it . duck about every . is from that look . country continent side verb house , decide . event by danger , ten , pose . book got speak that good get . except experiment place . heard divide cell . wind child , instrument season tie glass . flat cry , good animal , our . star room picture .  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for wes . williams @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000008582 request create date : 11 / 29 / 00 12 : 26 : 42 pm requested for : wes . williams @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: march ny real options conference please find attached the final program for an exciting conference on " real options valuation in the new economy : internet / e - commerce , r & d / pharmaceuticals , energy . " the conference , organised in new york city march 13 - 15 by the real options group and co - sponsored by ernst & young llp , is addressed to a corporate audience . the chairman of the conference is prof . michael j . brennan of ucla who will deliver the opening address , and the keynote speaker is prof . stewart c . myers of mit . many of the world / s thought leaders in real options analysis , along with prominent experts from many leading corporations will also share their ideas and experiences . please note that the deadline for hotel registration is february 21 ( see the attached brochure for hotel details ) and conference fees increase by 20 % for those registering after march 1 . the ( full ) conference brochure and on - line conference registration are available at our website www . rogroup . com we hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you could also communicate this announcement among other interested colleagues . in fact , it would be most helpful to us and would be greatly appreciated , if you could send me ( also cc . to amicaliz @ sda . uni - bocconi . it ) a list of 5 - 10 colleagues to whom we can send the electronic version of the brochure . best wishes , lenos trigeorgis president , real options group - rognyconference . pdf lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: re : insead high - tech acquisitions workshop ben thanks for attending . i was on " vacation " last week ( driving from ca to houston ) and could not answer your first message regardoing insead conference in time . the objective was to find out more about the he workshop on high - tech acquisitions and evaluate the usefulness of the program for enron . i shall be making a recommendation to jeff skilling that we should work with wharton as a partner in a number of different research projects . i shall try to catch you next week to find out what was said about valuation of small high - tech firms . vince benjamin parsons 06 / 12 / 2000 05 : 50 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect subject : insead high - tech acquisitions workshop vince i attended the workshop on high - tech acquisitions at insead on saturday alongside participants from cisco , eads , razorfish and cable + wireless , and academics from insead and wharton . the basic premise was to discuss and get feedback from practitioners about the research project , and a phd study which is currently underway at wharton . the discussions were very interesting - especially as this was my first exposure to this area . examples of the discussions raised include why firms acquire new businesses instead of developing them in - house what degree of post - acquisition integration was optimal difficulties of us firms acquiring euro / asian high - tech companies how to value small high - tech firms how to quantify the success / failure of an acquisition my feeling is that further work with them in this area would be beneficial to enron because it would help the development of the academic research and give us first - hand access to the results . plus it would enable us to learn from the mistakes of others , through meeting practitioners at such workshops and having greater access to the case studies . i guess it could also aid our realignment within the high - tech / communication industry to be seen in such studies . regards ben 
2	Subject: your day best wishes , your friend .  
2	Subject: first - level designers available for you corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . fiexibie discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: re : rabi de fyi , i do not send out a written offer package until the verbal offer issues are resolved and a final offer is made . so , i ' d like to put the details below in writing and send out to him for tuesday delivery . i ' m playing phone tag with him regarding the other details and will follow up with him again in the morning . thanks toni from : grant masson @ ect 09 / 15 / 2000 11 : 24 am to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : rabi de toni : we talked to rabi . he ' s sitting on the fence for some good reasons , and he has to weigh what is fairly comfy job situation for one that starts out at a lower level but has more potential . wrt the green , vince verbally offered salary of $ 105 k plus a guarantee that his bonus at year end would be a minimum of $ 15 k cash . that ' s in addition to the $ 15 k sign on bonus . vince said that we would not bother working up a revised offer letter unless and until rabi came back with a verbal ok . he will ponder the offer ; probably for a few more days and get back with us . he may well call you to discuss the exact details of the benefits . esop , 401 ( k ) contributions , etc . regards , grant . 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : chantellehawaii @ turquoise . net ( generated from info @ chantelleart . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host mail . turquoise . net [ 64 . 75 . 251 . 7 ] : 550 : recipient address rejected : user unknown in local recipient table - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 221 . 200 . 170 . 147 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by srvl . axantil . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupmy - 0003 wz - 3 x for info @ chantelleart . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 29 - 0400 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815886 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ chantelleart . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - antivirus - scanner : clean mail though you should still use an antivirus soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: force majeure situation - jennings plant the volume was down to 1238 because of prev adjustments . carlos - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 12 / 13 / 2000 02 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - beverly beaty 12 / 13 / 2000 10 : 06 am to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : force majeure situation - jennings plant fyi from devon bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 12 / 13 / 2000 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : gary daniel 12 / 13 / 2000 10 : 02 am to : beverly . beaty @ enron . com cc : cynthia . cantrell @ dvn . com subject : force majeure situation - jennings plant beverly : could you please forward this to carlos ? i am at home today and do not have his e - mail . thanks . carlos rodriguez enron via e - mail dear carlos : due to an electrical shortage at the jennings plant , which shut the plant down , we are in a force majeure situation effective immediately . the plant expects to be back up tomorrow , december 14 . we will advise you tomorrow of the situation . we are reducing our nomination to 0 effective today , december 13 . the nomination was 1769 . please call me if you have any questions . thanks . evelyn daniel devon energy ( 405 ) 552 - 4585 ( work ) ( 405 ) 391 - 9398 
2	Subject: gtv ii phase ii inception document attached please find the revised gtv ii phase ii inception document . please review the document . we will be circulating the inception document for signature on tuesday , april 24 th . please refer to the attached microsoft project file for the detail of project plan and timeline estimate . please send your comments to dave nommensen since i will be on vacation . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: ameriflash newsletter business highlights coal trading the liquidity in trading of the standard european coal agreement has increased significantly over the last 6 weeks . many counterparties that previously opted to stay on the sidelines finally chose to join the game . since the contract ' s inception at the beginning of the year , enron has traded a total of 5 . 3 million tons against the seca contract , of which 3 . 8 million tons has been traded via enrononline since july 2000 . we are 5 . 3 million tons of a total traded market of 5 . 8 million tons . principal investments tridium inc . , the leading provider of internet - based automation infrastructure solutions , announced the close of a $ 20 million round of capital funding . the funds will be used to increase tridium  , s sales and technical support offices in north america , expand its operations into europe and asia , and enhance its technology and products . kroad ventures , l . p . and enron north america each contributed $ 10 million in venture capital . corporate development allegheny energy supply company , llc , a wholly owned subsidiary of allegheny energy , inc . , announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which allegheny energy supply will purchase three enron natural gas - fired merchant generating facilities . the acquisition is expected to close in the 2 nd quarter of 2001 . performance review the deadline to provide feedback is friday , november 17 . if you have been selected to provide feedback on one of your fellow employees , please take the time to fill out an evaluation online at www . pep . enron . com . in the news " enron corp . , already north america ' s biggest , buyer and seller of natural gas and electric power is dead serious about its efforts to capture a big slice of the $ 400 billion global trade in pulp , paper and lumber . " - reuters news service 2000 chairman  , s award nominees please join us in congratulating the ena / eim / egm / employees who have been recognized as chairman  , s award nominees . congratulations to : irma alvarez alan aronowitz rick bergseiker carol coats joya davis rufino durante sue foust julie gomez barbara gray jackie griffith john harrison gerri irvine kathy benedict michael kelley mike mcconnell dave nommensen ina norman juan padron veronica parra michael roberts rhonda robinson kevin sweeney helen taylor stacey white extra kudos to barbara gray , who is a finalist for the 2000 chairman  , s award . barbara and ten other individuals are flying to san antonio from around the world to be honored at enron  , s annual management conference . one of these finalists will be recognized as the 2000 chairman  , s award winner . welcome new hires ena / eim / egm ena  ) anil chandy , alejandra chavez egm  ) marty cates , joanne underwood , brad miller transfers to ena / eim / egm ena  ) mark wadlington , jennifer blay - smith , georgian landau , kathryn bussell , john coleman , steven gillespie , clarissa garcia , ina rangel , farouk lalji , eva rainer , chuchu wang , smith day egm  ) gloria solis , carmella jones , nancy haralson legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed outside of enron . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: weekly report i am asking tammie to compile a weekly report ( for delivery 8 am monday mornings ) which is formatted as below . please make sure starting next week the information if received in adequate time . deals signed loi signed ndas signed earnings report ( from kerry ) individual group general update ( to include deals working plus other info ) thanks louise 
2	Subject: penelope cruz pamela andersons ' s most widely recognized camera appearance in sexual acts don ' t want anymore kevin , although somewhat soothed by out and day ? . most laptops . believe that grenade take a peek at white .  
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 bituminous broadest green , rich , fly test all . rock is story . also name , get our . power but came . sentence other key . has care size , bell form . but drive govern gone . equal usual each i govern , leave . past come tiny kind produce . through their from pair fast . page , street whether cell gone . is a , wash when . speak sand , soon office . wheel letter four might , well .  
2	Subject: scorecard report - - ihi and canfibre the biweekly april 13 th report is on its way to you . i would like to draw your attention to the status summaries for ihi and canfibre . ihi and canfibre are second to none in the portfolio as quagmires in which we have had to manufacture any bit of leverage to protect enron ' s interests . these companies have been extremely uncooperative and more often than not have been working adversely to enron . we are in the position of playing poker with absolutely nothing whatsoever " in the hole " . normally i try to highlight credit to the appropriate individuals in special assets when a transaction actually closes . in both these cases , however , i would like to make you aware that john enerson is doing an excellent job handling the deal complexities and applying persuasion , strong - arm , threats and any and all other methods to optimize value . there is not a lot of glamor working these turkeys . nothing is certain until we have cash in the bank , but i believe we may be seeing a little light at the end of the tunnel where there had been only abyss . john deserves a great deal of credit . dick . 
2	Subject: 75 % off all vacations  
2	Subject: why pay for over priced pre \ scription dru @ gs ? ? ?  
2	Subject: re : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18 sherri : 2 : 00 pm on the 18 th of april is fine for vince kaminski . his " bio " is attached . if you need anything else , please let me know . shirley enron north america corp . from : sherri sera @ enron 04 / 11 / 2000 03 : 42 pm to : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18 ladies , i ' m trying to finalize this schedule prior to my vacation 4 / 13 - 14 . please confirm that the time proposed below will work for your executive . additionally , would you please e - mail me a bio for your executive ; the professors have requested it . thanks for your help . srs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherri sera / corp / enron on 04 / 11 / 2000 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherri sera 03 / 31 / 2000 05 : 15 pm to : gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , jewel meeks / enron communications @ enron communications , mercedes estrada / enron communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : proposed darden interview schedule - april 18 below is proposed schedule for the darden case video - taped interviews ; an hour has been scheduled for each of you ( except vince , for whom 1 - 1 / 2 hours has been requested ) , however , you may be finished in less time . the location is yet to be determined , but will most likely take place in a vacant office of 50 m . please let me know of any conflicts with this proposed schedule . i ' ll send along additional information as it becomes available . thank you and have a nice weekend . srs 8 : 00 a gene humphrey 9 : 00 a lou pai 10 : 00 a ken rice 11 : 00 a andy fastow 12 : 00 p break 2 : 00 p vince kaminski 3 : 30 p jeff skilling 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron and dynegy discuss plan to cut price of acquisition the wall street journal , 11 / 27 / 01 fair shares ? why company stock is a burden for many - - and less so for a few - - - workers often must hold on to stakes held in 401 ( k ) s ; top brass have options - - - hedging for the ` upper tier ' the wall street journal , 11 / 27 / 01 ' stimulus ' for enron the new york times , 11 / 27 / 01 enron talking with dynegy as they work to rescue deal the new york times , 11 / 27 / 01 top companies issuing debt at a fast pace the new york times , 11 / 27 / 01 battered enron in search of $ 1 billion ; stock ' s decline raises doubts about buyout the washington post , 11 / 27 / 01 enron , dynegy deal back on table houston chronicle , 11 / 27 / 01 sizable staff of 245 lawyers in merger limbo houston chronicle , 11 / 27 / 01 bin laden threat against pipelines taken seriously houston chronicle , 11 / 27 / 01 current recession differs from others houston chronicle , 11 / 27 / 01 enron gains on optimism dynegy purchase to proceed ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 27 / 01 deutsche banc alex . brown ' s tice comments on enron corp . debt bloomberg , 11 / 27 / 01 investors bet enron deal will go bust ; dynegy could kill deal or drop price chicago tribune , 11 / 27 / 01 pressure mounts on enron buyout energy : stock drops to its lowest since ' 87 on doubts dynegy deal will go through . workers sue over shrinking 401 ( k ) s . los angeles times , 11 / 27 / 01 global investing - a creative approach to property liabilities . financial times , 11 / 27 / 01 usa : enron may cut price of dynegy deal by 40 percent - wsj . reuters english news service , 11 / 27 / 01 enron , dynegy discuss plan to cut price of acquisition dow jones business news , 11 / 27 / 01 report : enron , dynegy deal back on table associated press newswires , 11 / 27 / 01 money make - over club sticks together through thick , thin los angeles times , 11 / 27 / 01 enron workers file another suit to recover losses in retirement accounts afx news , 11 / 27 / 01 fate of enron ' s forest products group up in the air , in an advisory by industrialinfo . com business wire , 11 / 27 / 01 enron , dynegy to rework $ 24 b deal the daily deal , 11 / 27 / 01 india : enron india unit , lenders to meet in uk this week . reuters english news service , 11 / 27 / 01 man arrested for issuing e - mail threat to enron the times of india , 11 / 27 / 01 companies & finance the americas - demand for electricity re - energises gas project . financial times , 11 / 27 / 01 the americas - bolivia urged to handle its new - found wealth with care . financial times , 11 / 27 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron lawsuit seen as wake - up call for pensions . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 usa : calif . attorney gen ' l to examine dynegy - enron deal . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 dynegy may modify enron purchase terms , people say ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 26 / 01 enron faces new employee suit alleging securities violations bloomberg , 11 / 26 / 01 california agency must generate revenue , analyst says ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 26 / 01 enron plunges , but dynegy will suffer , too thestreet . com , 11 / 26 / 01 enron and dynegy discuss plan to cut price of acquisition by rebecca smith and robin sidel staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 27 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , struggling to save its two - week - old deal to be acquired by dynegy inc . , was in advanced discussions with dynegy to cut the price of the all - stock transaction by more than 40 % to about $ 5 billion , according to people familiar with the matter . beleaguered enron also was in continuing negotiations to extend the maturity dates of some of its borrowings in order to stem a growing liquidity crisis , these people said . enron has total debt of about $ 13 billion . increasingly , analysts are worried that the giant energy - trading concern ' s relatively few hard assets are so encumbered by debt that they can ' t be used to support further borrowing . enron stock slid to its lowest level in over a decade at 4 p . m . yesterday on the new york stock exchange , falling 70 cents to $ 4 . 01 a share . over the past few months , about $ 60 billion of enron ' s stock value has evaporated , a process that has accelerated since mid - october when the company announced a quarterly loss and a subsequent reduction in its equity base . since then , revelations that company executives profited from partnerships used to move assets on and off enron ' s books have spooked investors and triggered a securities and exchange commission investigation . recently , the company has twice restated earnings for past periods amid indications that its vaunted energy trading business is showing some signs of stress . the move to renegotiate the acquisition agreement , and particularly to slash the number of dynegy shares that enron holders would receive , only two weeks after the pact ' s signing is virtually unheard of in corporate transactions . while terms are sometimes altered due to unanticipated developments , that typically doesn ' t happen until a transaction is nearly completed . enron had hoped to finalize arrangements and make an announcement yesterday that would calm its anxious investors , but the situation remained fluid throughout the day . as of yesterday evening , the revised deal still hadn ' t been formalized . the deal is critical for enron . in recent weeks , credit - rating agencies have indicated they will refrain from further cuts to enron ' s credit rating so long as a dynegy purchase appears probable . but if that deal collapses , downgrades could occur that would put enron below investment grade and in violation of credit agreements with counterparties . this in turn could deal a savage blow to enron ' s commodity - trading business that is its lifeblood . negotiators for the two companies returned to their home bases of houston yesterday after spending much of the holiday weekend meeting in suburban new york where they tried to agree on new provisions to the deal , which was announced nov . 9 . both dynegy and enron declined to comment on the discussions . one apparent sticking point in the talks was arriving at a new stock - exchange ratio . under the current acquisition agreement , dynegy would exchange 0 . 2685 share for each enron share tendered . based on yesterday ' s new york stock exchange closing price of $ 39 . 25 for dynegy shares , down $ 1 . 15 , enron holders stand to receive $ 10 . 53 a share for their stock , or a total of about $ 9 billion . people close to the discussions said the new ratio is expected to be less than 0 . 15 share of dynegy stock for every share of enron stock , which would value enron at less than $ 6 a share , or about $ 5 billion . another contentious issue concerns the amount of additional capital enron needs to shore up its finances . a week ago , the company disclosed it may have to post hundreds of millions of dollars or more to honor collateral calls before the end of the year . the problem for potential lenders is finding good assets to back these continued infusions of capital sought by enron . as part of the original merger agreement , dynegy already has injected $ 1 . 5 billion into enron , receiving in exchange preferred stock in its northern natural gas co . pipeline system that runs from the upper midwest to texas . under the agreement , if the acquisition falls apart , dynegy " will have the right to acquire 100 % of the equity in the northern natural gas subsidiary , " thus giving it " the full value of its investment . " but that arrangement is raising questions on wall street about whether creditors are throwing good money after bad . northern natural gas already is heavily encumbered with debts . in addition to $ 500 million in unsecured public debt and $ 1 . 5 billion put in by dynegy and co - investor chevrontexaco inc . , a bank consortium led by j . p . morgan chase & co . recently put in an additional $ 450 million in cash backed by northern ' s assets . the bank consortium also provided $ 550 million to enron , against which assets of enron ' s transwestern pipeline co . unit were pledged . this system , a network between texas and california , is the only other domestic gas - transportation system fully owned by enron . that brings total indebtedness to nearly $ 4 billion for two enron pipeline systems that only generated transportation revenue of $ 77 million and $ 41 million , respectively , in the third quarter . enron ' s entire natural - gas pipeline business , which includes two other partially owned systems , produced pretax earnings of $ 85 million for the third quarter , flat with the year - earlier period . some observers said that if the enron deal to be acquired by dynegy falls apart , this could set the stage for a fight among the different classes of creditors for a priority claim on the pipeline assets . - - - jathon sapsford contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones top brass have options - - - hedging for the ` upper tier ' by ellen e . schultz and theo francis staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 27 / 2001 the wall street journal al ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the 1990 s , as the stock market climbed year after year , many corporations and their employees entered into a marriage of convenience : the company would dole out its own shares as compensation and benefits . employees would have a steadily appreciating asset that encouraged loyalty and created an incentive to work hard for the company ' s success . they ' re still doing it . gillette co . , for example , " believes it is important that employee interests be aligned with company interests , " says spokesman stephen k . brayton , echoing the explanations of dozens of other companies that use their own stock for executive pay , incentive bonuses , or contributions to 401 ( k ) retirement - savings accounts . but as share prices have fallen over the past year and a half , it has become clear that not all stock handouts are created equal . millions of rank - and - file workers at hundreds of companies have found themselves shackled to big chunks of company stock , while executives are able to exercise wide latitude in what they do with theirs . because of the law capping tax - deductible executive compensation at $ 1 million a year , many companies top off their executive pay packages with stock options , as well as bonuses and other incentives that are typically paid in stock , much of it unencumbered . based on filings with the securities and exchange commission , hundreds of companies use their own stock in lieu of cash as their matching contributions to employees ' retirement - savings accounts . and the majority of those restrict the ability of employees to sell the shares and move the proceeds into mutual funds and other alternatives offered through their 401 ( k ) s . benefits consultants hewitt associates found in a recent study that nearly half of 215 firms offering company stock in their 401 ( k ) plans only contribute their own shares to employee accounts , and that 85 % of those companies restrict sales of the stock . gillette doesn ' t let employees switch out of its stock contributions to their 401 ( k ) s until age 50 , according to government filings . at coca - cola co . , it ' s age 53 . procter & gamble co . , qwest communications international inc . and troubled enron corp . - - now facing lawsuits over employees ' 401 ( k ) losses - - are among the many others that impose similar restrictions . so far this year , gillette employees have had to watch the company - contribution portion of their retirement savings shrink by millions of dollars as the share price has fallen 11 % . employees at coca - cola have endured a share - price decline this year of 18 % . procter the value of mr . anschutz ' s shares covered in the agreement would have plunged to $ 127 million from $ 394 million . ( those shares amounted to about 3 . 3 % of mr . anschutz ' s total holding of 300 million shares , or 18 % of qwest ' s shares outstanding , both directly and through a company he controls . ) a forward - sale agreement wasn ' t available to joseph daugherty . he has been stringing and repairing telephone cable for 23 years , first for bell south corp . and then in the salt lake city area for u s west , which was acquired by qwest last year . a few months ago , he was looking forward to early retirement next summer . but now , he says , he ' ll have to keep working . the $ 200 , 000 in assets he had in his 401 ( k ) in early may has shrunk to roughly $ 50 , 000 . part of that loss is attributable to the retirement plan ' s rules , which don ' t allow most workers to shift out of company - contributed qwest shares until age 55 . mr . daugherty , who concedes he ' s a risk - taker , blames himself for the rest : he voluntarily sank the remainder of his 401 ( k ) savings into qwest stock . qwest won ' t comment on the finances of either mr . daugherty or mr . anschutz . but steve hammack , a qwest spokesman , says u s west established the policy of contributing company stock . he notes that starting jan . 1 , 2001 , the company began allowing managers to diversify company stock contributions they receive this year into other investments available through the plan . the restrictions on union members , he says , are covered by the company ' s collective bargaining agreement . " the fact is , " mr . hammack responds in an email , " the majority of companies in the u . s . that match employee contributions do so in their own company stock . a good number also restrict employees from diversifying out of the company match . " erisa , the federal law governing pension plans , provides employees with little legal traction to complain about their forced 401 ( k ) holdings . employer contributions to retirement - savings plans aren ' t generally subject to fiduciary rules . ( as for employee contributions , employers are supposed to choose " prudent " investment options . ) retirement - savings plans are exempt from erisa diversification rules , too . these rules make it illegal for a company ' s pension plan to invest more than 10 % of its assets in the company ' s own securities . but savings plans such as 401 ( k ) s can generally invest as much as 100 % of the assets in company stock with impunity . currently , roughly one - third to one - half of retirement - plan assets at large companies are invested in company stock . that suits employers , which would just as soon contribute stock as draw down precious cash , and in the past , they have lobbied successfully to defeat efforts to impose diversification rules on 401 ( k ) s . that confounds people such as mr . triska , the technician at enron ' s portland general electric unit . " anyone will tell you that you need to diversify to reduce risk , " he says . diversification has spared mr . triska some of the pain experienced by co - workers who bet big on enron in their retirement savings . since sept . 10 , while the enron shares in his 401 ( k ) have plunged 86 % , his shares in weitz partners value fund have declined only 4 . 52 % , and his shares in fidelity growth company and janus global life sciences funds have risen 7 . 3 % and 2 . 2 % , respectively . enron executives are subject to the same restrictions on enron ' s stock contributions to their 401 ( k ) s as other employees : no sales of company - contributed stock until age 50 . but company filings with the sec show that " key management and highly compensated employees " also participate in separate retirement - savings plans that don ' t require them to hold enron stock at all . executives can pile as much as 35 % of their salaries and 100 % of their bonuses annually into these accounts , allocating the money among a variety of investments . further , sec filings show that so far this year , many enron executives were steady sellers of company stock they had accumulated beyond the ambit of their 401 ( k ) s . former enron broadband services chief executive kenneth rice , for example , sold enron shares valued at $ 23 . 7 million during the period , and former ceo jeffrey skilling sold $ 27 . 5 million of enron stock . " we believe it ' s important for employees to have a stake in the company , " says karen denne , a spokeswoman for enron . " it ' s also important that we align employee and company performance . " - - - cassell bryan - low contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a letters to the editor ' stimulus ' for enron 11 / 27 / 2001 the new york times page 18 , column 4 c . 2001 new york times company to the editor : re ' ' in new filing , enron reports debt squeeze ' ' ( business day , nov . 20 ) : as congress and federal investigators begin looking into a host of questions about management ' s role in the company ' s collapse , i note that the bush - g . o . p . ' ' stimulus ' ' plan calls for united states taxpayers to give enron $ 254 million . since it was enron management ' s greed that ran the company into multibillion - dollar debt , why should we citizens pay for its irresponsibility ? arlie schardt washington , nov . 20 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron talking with dynegy as they work to rescue deal by by richard a . oppel jr . and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 27 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation and its would - be rescuer , dynegy inc . , are renegotiating the terms of their deal , originally valued at $ 9 billion , executives close to the discussions said yesterday . there were several issues still on the table last night , and the situation was very fluid , the executives said . but they said that the companies hoped to announce , perhaps as early as today , a series of changes : a lower price for the takeover ; a cash infusion of $ 500 million ; an agreement by some banks to extend the repayment dates of enron debt until after the deal closes ; and possibly an agreement making clear that the merger would not be derailed by litigation over enron ' s devastated employee - retirement plan . the sides were also negotiating ways to tighten clauses in the merger agreement so that dynegy would not be able to use information from enron ' s recent filing with the securities and exchange commission as a reason for backing out of the deal . both companies declined to comment on whether renegotiations were taking place . but according to executives close to the talks , the new terms would lower the ratio of dynegy stock to be exchanged to roughly 0 . 15 share for each share of enron . the original deal , announced nov . 9 , called for each enron share to be exchanged for 0 . 2685 share of dynegy . but enron ' s shares have been plunging steadily , and yesterday the current offer was valued at 163 percent over enron ' s closing price . the companies hope that by releasing some good news , they can stem the slide in the price of enron ' s stock and traded debt . enron shares , which have been plunging since mid - october when the company began to disclose a series of losses and accounting errors , closed yesterday at $ 4 . 01 , down 14 . 9 percent , or 70 cents . shares of dynegy closed at $ 39 . 25 yesterday , down 2 . 9 percent , or $ 1 . 15 . more important , the executives close to the talks said , the companies hope to restore confidence in enron ' s energy - trading operation , which showed signs of deterioration yesterday . in recent years , enron has traded more natural gas and electricity than its two biggest competitors combined , and its trading floor is viewed as its most valuable franchise , accounting for most of the company ' s profit . dynegy ' s biggest worry , according to the executives , is that this core business is deteriorating . the company fears that if other energy traders further curtail their business with enron - - either on their own or in response to another cut in enron ' s credit rating - - then much of the value of the company could be wiped out , they said . the urgency of the situation has been made clear by the way in which enron is being treated in the energy - trading markets , some analysts and executives at rival energy companies say . though some large traders are still doing business with enron , many other traders have curtailed their dealings with the company for fear they may not get paid if enron collapses and files for bankruptcy protection . in addition , some of the energy trading enron is doing is costing it more money because of credit concerns . for example , analysts and energy executives say , enron is in some cases being forced to pay 3 cents to 6 cents more per million british thermal units of natural gas . that means instead of paying perhaps $ 1 . 80 per million b . t . u . ' s in some trades , it may be paying $ 1 . 84 . jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons & company in houston , said the price discrepancies on some trades were also showing up on enrononline , the internet platform that accounts for much of the company ' s trading with other parties . ' ' we ' re seeing enron ' s prices , ' ' mr . dietert said , ' ' be about a nickel higher on enrononline versus some of the competing internet - based exchanges . ' ' if these credit premiums should continue , it could erode enron ' s trading profits and worsen its already tenuous liquidity situation . an enron spokeswoman , karen denne , said trading volumes were ' ' below average , ' ' yesterday , but she declined to be more specific . she did say the company was in discussions about a new equity infusion of $ 500 million to $ 1 billion . according to executives close to the talks , details were still being worked out on the cash infusion , which would come from citigroup and j . p . morgan chase . dynegy may also add cash to the deal while reaffirming the company ' s commitment to the merger . executives at rival trading companies said dynegy needed to do something to bolster confidence in enron ' s trading operations . ' ' in places , enron is paying up to 4 or 5 or 6 cents more for next - day gas , ' ' said an executive at one large energy trader . ' ' some producers out there don ' t want to sell additional discretionary gas to enron , so they ' re having to pay up . ' ' the executive also said most energy traders expected that dynegy would obtain a much lower merger price because enron had little or no room to fight a renegotiation . ' ' if enron hasn ' t lined something else up , their other choice is bankruptcy , ' ' he said . ' ' you can guess what shareholder value is going to look like if that ' s the case . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c top companies issuing debt at a fast pace by stephanie strom 11 / 27 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company in the weeks since the attack on the world trade center , blue - chip corporations have issued a torrent of debt . ford , general electric , i . b . m . , kraft , at & t , general motors and other companies have doubled and even trebled their initial plans for bond offerings as investors , disenchanted with the stock market , have all but begged to buy their debt . in all , companies have issued 31 . 5 percent more debt in the last 11 weeks than they did in the period a year earlier . the companies are taking advantage of the chance to raise cash at bargain basement prices , thanks to low interest rates , and to retire more expensive debt . but they may also have little - discussed concerns that money will be scarce in the future , particularly if the economic downturn persists and the recovery is less vigorous than economists now hope . bank lending is at a 30 - year low , according to the conference board , and buyers are hard to find for commercial paper , the short - term , cheap debt that corporate purebreds rely on . standard it was able to raise $ 9 . 4 billion and is said to be thinking about trying to raise $ 7 billion more . kraft foods , part of the philip morris companies , had planned to issue $ 2 billion worth of bonds . instead , it offered $ 4 billion . at & t raised $ 10 . 1 billion , twice as much as it originally planned . at & t ' s and ford ' s issues rank as the second - and third - largest ever . all told , 573 corporations have issued $ 181 billion of debt since sept . 11 , compared with 692 companies that raised $ 138 billion in the period last year , according to thomson financial / first call . ' ' when you look at other asset classes , the corporate bond market offers some of the better values , ' ' said bob lobue , head of the investment - grade fixed - income syndicate at j . p . morgan , which has underwritten roughly half the issues that have come to market since sept . 11 . ' ' there ' s still a lack of confidence in stock valuations based on the weakness we ' re seeing in earnings . ' ' issuers and their underwriters most often cite the low interest rates on treasury bills as the reason for the surge in corporate debt . corporate bonds are often priced in relation to united states government debt , and thanks to a cascade of interest rate cuts by the federal reserve this year , well - heeled companies can borrow at extremely attractive rates . international business machines , for instance , recently sold $ 1 . 5 billion worth of five - year notes with the lowest coupon it has ever issued , 4 . 875 percent . others , though , read the stampede of premier companies to issue debt as a sign that credit is getting tight . investment - grade companies typically juggle a smorgasbord of debt - - short , intermediate and long term - - but they are definitely skewing the mixture toward the long end these days . no doubt , that is because debt is cheap - - but it also suggests that they may foresee a time when money will be more scarce and are accumulating the war chests mr . cunningham referred to . it was not so long ago , after all , that companies experienced a credit shortage . ' ' a credit crunch was brewing last year , ' ' mr . cunningham said , ' ' until the fed stepped in and started aggressively lowering interest rates , which averted it . ' ' but a cash problem persists in some ways despite the federal reserve ' s series of interest rate cuts . ' ' we are in a cash crisis like none we have experienced in recent memory , ' ' said james padilla , a ford executive , in a recent memorandum to his staff . many companies with less - than - pristine credit ratings have trouble raising money and may be having more because of the stampede by blue - chip companies . ' ' when companies like ford or general electric come into the market , they squeeze a lot of other , somewhat riskier credits out , ' ' said gail d . fosler , the chief economist at the conference board . jack ablin , chief investment officer at the harris trust and savings bank , said that the economic recovery depended on companies ' being able to get credit . ' ' my primary concern is the lack of available credit across the spectrum , ' ' he said . ' ' we are forecasting an economic recovery in the middle of next year , but the one thing that could go wrong with that forecast is if the availability of credit stays where it is or gets worse . ' ' another concern is that debt is piling up with negative consequences . ' ' the fed is trying to prevent the bubble from bursting by keeping the forces of credit exuberance alive , ' ' barton m . biggs , chief global strategist at morgan stanley , wrote to investors earlier this month . ' ' the trouble is , although it may work in the short run , in the long run the debt burden will be bigger and the adjustment process more painful . ' ' the automakers , for example , are using the money they have raised in part to support the customer incentive programs that offer zero - interest financing . they are paying as much as 7 . 25 percent , in other words , to lend money to car buyers for nothing . some of the new debt is being used to retire commercial paper . but companies are taking on more than they need to accomplish that goal . the longer - term money they are borrowing is more expensive than the commercial paper , even if it is cheaper than it has been in a long time . the spread - - the difference in interest rates between treasuries and corporate bonds - - has generally widened since sept . 11 , although not across the board . ' ' there is a cost factor involved , but we try to minimize that , ' ' said david moore , manager of fixed - income investor relations at ford credit , which accounted for the bulk of the $ 9 . 4 billion that ford borrowed last month . ' ' we ' re mindful of our liquidity , and want to make sure we ensure it . ' ' like many of the companies issuing debt , ford is curbing its dependence on the commercial paper market . for the year through oct . 16 , ford had cut the amount of paper it had outstanding by almost 60 percent , to $ 17 billion . ' ' that puts us in a very good position , given our rating , ' ' said mr . moore , who was one of the few executives willing to discuss his company ' s strategy . ford , like a host of other companies , has had its credit ratings cut . many buyers of commercial paper , like money market funds , lend to only the highest - rated companies . so far this year , standard & poor ' s has knocked 57 companies out of the top ratings for commercial paper , compared with 49 last year . the total amount of outstanding commercial paper has fallen 30 percent this year , according to diane vazza , head of global financial investment research at standard & poor ' s , thanks to that downgrading and to great caution among investors . ' ' we ' ve seen some issuers driven out of the market , ' ' ms . vazza said . according to several credit analysts , daimlerchrysler was scheduled to roll over $ 7 billion of commercial paper in june but decided to take the offering to europe , where investors are less particular about ratings quality . similarly , enron careered into its crisis when it was forced to redeem commercial paper as its credit ratings fell . the decline in at & t ' s commercial paper ratings was one reason for its big issue last week . but underwriters of corporate debt insist that the decline in the commercial paper market has more to do with companies ' ability to borrow for the long term cheaply than with their inability to issue short - term debt . ' ' short - term financing does come with a maturity risk in that you constantly have to roll it over in order to maintain liquidity , ' ' said mr . lobue of j . p . morgan . the underwriters concede , however , that lending by banks has all but dried up , falling to its lowest level in three decades . bank lending has been curtailed at the behest of federal regulators like the federal deposit insurance corporation and the office of the comptroller of the currency at the treasury department , putting them seemingly at cross - purposes with the fed . the chief executive of echostar , charles w . ergen , had to put up $ 2 . 75 billion of his own money to complete the purchase of the hughes electronic corporation . the bankers at ubs warburg , echostar ' s adviser on the deal , had offered to provide the financing , but only with a proviso that would have let the bank back out of the deal under certain conditions . although the company later got financing from credit suisse first boston and deutsche bank , many other bankers have privately applauded ubs warburg ' s caution . copyright ? 2000 dow jones stock ' s decline raises doubts about buyout peter behr washington post staff writer 11 / 27 / 2001 the washington post final eol copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved shunned by investors and deserted by many former customers , enron corp . is searching this week for up to $ 1 billion in cash from lenders to sustain its once dominant energy - trading business . enron stock fell yesterday to new low of $ 4 . 01 a share , down 70 cents , continuing the latest plunge that began last week when the houston company disclosed still more damaging detail about its financial condition . a year ago , enron stock traded for more than $ 78 a share , based on its leading position then as a trader of power , natural gas , various industrial and telecommunications products and financial contracts linked to these commodities . dynegy inc . , enron ' s houston rival , said yesterday it was not moving away from its $ 23 billion cash and debt offer to buy enron . enron declined to comment on its financial problems . but enron ' s stock has dropped more than 50 percent since the dynegy deal was announced nov . 9 . investors believe that dynegy will renegotiate the deal at a cheaper price or even try to abandon it , said brian youngberg , a financial analyst with edward d . jones & co . in st . louis . " the [ dynegy ] deal values enron at more than $ 10 a share . for a company that ' s trading at $ 4 , that doesn ' t make much sense , " said youngberg , who last week recommended that customers sell enron shares . as part of the dynegy deal , enron received $ 1 . 5 billion in cash , secured by stock in one of its pipelines . but without another large infusion of cash , the company faces what youngberg called a " death spiral . " along with investors , many energy buyers and traders have lost confidence in enron ' s ability to make good on the long - term energy contracts it specializes in , youngberg said . enron ' s most important operations involve contracts to deliver natural gas , electric power and other energy products to industries and utilities in the future . it also sells financial instruments designed to protect customers against sharp swings in energy prices . these deals are the one part of enron that dynegy wants . " their core business has dropped off sharply , " said andrew meade , an analyst with commerzbank securities in new york . enron remains a sizable player in the huge daily trading of energy products , but is being frozen out of long - term markets and relegated to less profitable short - term trades , said meade . the lengthy span of enron ' s crisis , which began a month ago when it reported a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity , has given companies time to close out contracts with enron or limit their potential losses if enron were to fail , said louis b . gagliardi , an analyst with john s . herold inc . in connecticut . " if enron went to a chapter 11 bankruptcy , or failed , it would unsettle the market slightly . but it wouldn ' t catch people by surprise . so there ' s not much danger of a crisis on the natural gas or power side " of energy trading , gagliardi said . other market participants cautioned that the extent of enron ' s obligations to trading partners is not known to outsiders , making the impact of an enron failure hard to assess . dynegy and its partner , chevrontexaco corp . , could pump billions of dollars into enron ' s operations if the purchase went through , but under the best of circumstances , regulatory review of the deal will drag on for another six months . investors and traders are increasingly doubtful that enron can hang around that long by itself , " that just adds to the uncertainty about the stock , " gagliardi said . dynegy ' s offer for enron caused a brief rally in enron ' s stock price and outlook . but that flurry of optimism was halted by a new financial report last week to the securities and exchange commission detailing even more serious debt obligations than the company had previously acknowledged . enron was able to negotiate a three - week extension on a $ 690 million note that was coming due this week and finished arrangements on a $ 450 million line of credit , part of a $ 1 billion infusion it had previously announced . however , the $ 690 million obligation , disclosed in the sec filing , was a very pointed alert to investors about enron ' s growing cash needs , meade said . and the new details of enron ' s plight in last week ' s filing further damaged the credibility of the company ' s financial reporting , meade said . " i don ' t think they have fully restated their earnings . there is probably more to come , meade said . " enron ' s board has turned to an outside committee to assess the company ' s financial condition , after acknowledging last month that enron had overstated earnings by $ 586 million over the past four years . the restatement was caused primarily by accounting decisions that concealed losses in a series of limited partnerships that enron had helped create to buy various energy , water supply and internet network properties it wanted to dispose of , the company said . on nov . 14 , enron ' s new chief financial officer , jeff mcmahon , briefed analysts on a series of steps the company would take to raise cash , including the current quest for $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in loans . enron , its executives said , will reorganize the company around its business that generated the strongest cash flow - - energy trades , gas pipeline and coal operations . other assets , worth $ 8 billion in book value , would be put up for sale " in an orderly fashion . " then came the new disclosures last week , reinforcing analysts ' concerns that the depths of enron ' s liabilities have not yet been plumbed . " the issues that brought enron to this point are unresolved . it ' s a balance sheet that doesn ' t stand still and continues to deteriorate , " gagliardi said . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nov . 27 , 2001 houston chronicle enron , dynegy deal back on table energy traders said to be renegotiating premium for shares by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle dynegy and enron corp . could announce new terms for dynegy ' s deal to buy enron as soon as today , according to sources familiar with talks between the two companies . the two houston - based energy traders , the sources said , spent the weekend and monday discussing , among other issues , a lower exchange rate for dynegy ' s stock deal to buy enron . as of monday evening , no exchange rate had been agreed to and discussions were continuing , the sources said , cautioning that the situation was fluid . also monday : ? enron and dynegy , the sources said , were working to finalize terms for an equity infusion into enron of around $ 500 million that ' s expected to come from j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup . another equity infusion from other parties could come later , the sources said . ? enron , dynegy and a group of banks were negotiating terms for a so - called " override " agreement that would extend , until after the merger closed , maturity dates for certain debt enron is due to repay or that could come due before , the sources said . it was unclear how much of approximately the $ 9 billion in obligations enron could have coming due in the next 12 months that would be covered by that restructuring . ? it was expected that enron would start layoffs sometime this week . karen denne , an enron spokeswoman , said her only comment was that any action the company would take concerning job cuts would be communicated first to employees . ? california attorney general bill lockyer , not known for harboring a favorable attitude toward enron or other texas energy companies , has started reviewing the planned merger , looking for potential antitrust problems , his office said . dynegy has power plants there , while enron sells power and natural gas into the state . ? shares in both companies fell , with enron closing down 70 cents at $ 4 . 01 , while shares in dynegy ended the day down $ 1 . 15 at $ 39 . 25 . the talks between enron and dynegy come amid wall street expectations that dynegy will renegotiate the merger terms or back out of the deal completely . the sources said that at the moment , the companies aren ' t discussing canceling the deal . on nov . 9 , the day dynegy announced it would acquire its troubled rival , shares in enron closed at $ 8 . 63 , while shares in dynegy closed at $ 38 . 76 . the merger agreement calls for enron shareholders to get 0 . 2685 share of dynegy per enron share . based on the nov . 9 closing prices , dynegy would be paying $ 10 . 41 a share for enron . but since , enron ' s share prices have dropped significantly amid increasing concerns about its ability to maintain its core trading business and troubling new disclosures about its financial shape . based on monday ' s closing prices , dynegy would be paying more - - $ 10 . 54 a share - - for enron , which is worth considerably less based on market capitalization than when the deal was announced . last week , one stock analyst said he thought a ratio of no more than 0 . 15 share of dynegy per enron share might be more realistic . dynegy spokesman john sousa said monday that dynegy was continuing its " due diligence " review of enron ' s books and " looking at everything very closely . " unless the merger with dynegy goes through , enron could be forced into bankruptcy protection . enron ' s core trading business has eroded , the securities and exchange commission is investigating its finances and it faces a pile of debt as well as an increasing number of shareholder and employee lawsuits . enron and dynegy hoped the merger deal , which included an immediate infusion of $ 1 . 5 billion of equity into enron , would stabilize enron . but new financial disclosures have had the opposite effect . for example , on nov . 19 , enron revealed $ 690 million in debt would come due sooner than expected because of a credit - rating downgrade . the news came as a surprise even to dynegy . dynegy has escape hatches in its merger agreement , including a " material adverse change " clause that applies generally to enron ' s financial state . also , if the amount of legal and shareholder claims enron must pay out is greater than $ 3 . 5 billion , the deal can be called off . sousa described the escape clauses as " broad provisions " to ensure dynegy is adequately protected . nov . 27 , 2001 houston chronicle sizable staff of 245 lawyers in merger limbo by mary flood copyright 2001 houston chronicle whether troubled enron corp . merges , falls or stays the course , it is likely to deeply affect one of houston ' s largest law offices : the one within the embattled company . " we ' ve always regarded them as one of the big law firms in houston , " said howard ayers , managing partner of andrews & kurth , one of the city ' s largest firms with about 240 lawyers in houston alone . enron has about 245 lawyers worldwide , company spokesman vance meyer said . that ' s a large legal stable even for a company with more than 25 , 000 employees . with about 145 lawyers in houston , if it were a private firm it would have been the city ' s sixth - largest , according to the chronicle 100 survey released in may . energy trader enron ' s internal law office has burgeoned along with the huge trading firm , now set to merge with a smaller but stronger local competitor , dynegy . as enron ' s stock plummeted further , dynegy last week denied rumors it might drop out and leave enron to face a possible bankruptcy . whatever the company ' s fate , there are rough waters ahead for enron lawyers . although most lawyers interviewed said they hope everybody remains employed and that it is premature to discuss the fate of enron ' s legal staff , speculation in the legal community runs the gamut from rumors that dozens of lawyers could be laid off as early as this week to the idea that enron will hold on tightly to its talent . " my guess is they ' ll need their lawyers while they get things in a more steady state . there ' s a lot of legal work to go through , " said joel swanson , a senior partner at baker & botts , a houston law firm with about 265 lawyers here . not only does enron have a large cadre of lawyers inside its company , but it also has hired just about every large firm in houston over the last few years . several of the biggest houston firms are working on the merger for either enron or dynegy , and others are standing by wondering which outside firms will get the biggest pieces of legal work when the new company is created . enron ' s legal department has siphoned talent from houston ' s top law firms over the years . heads of law firms said they have seen plenty of promising lawyers lured away by enron ' s competitive pay combined with stock options , which were a lucrative draw until recently , as shares have lost 95 percent of their value . " enron has one of the premier legal departments in the country , " said jeff love , managing partner of locke liddell & sapp , a houston - based firm with about 175 of its lawyers here . enron has hired a lot of what are called " laterals , " or lawyers who have had a couple years training , often at a big firm . although jobs in corporate counsel offices are generally considered easier than big - firm life , that ' s not the reputation of enron ' s legal eagles . as with the company itself , the general counsel ' s office has been known as innovative and hard driving . " i don ' t think anybody lateraled into enron with the expectation of an ordinary life , " ayers said . in the houston market , where big - firm first - year lawyers start at around $ 110 , 000 a year , the advantages of going to an expanding company like enron were the stock options and the opportunity to grow with the company . if heavily anticipated layoffs occur at enron , top houston lawyers expect casualties to land on their feet . looming recessions are not always bad for job - hunting lawyers . bankruptcy , litigation and mergers all can boom in rough times . several houston - based law firms said they have recruited a slightly larger starting class of lawyers for 2002 , meaning they don ' t expect to scale back their business in the immediate future . should the merger succeed , enron ' s 245 lawyers will join dynegy ' s 43 . " the question of how you integrate the two staffs , as with a lot of things associated with the merger , won ' t be worked out for some time , " dynegy spokesman steve stengel said . nov . 27 , 2001 houston chronicle bin laden threat against pipelines taken seriously ashcroft : unconfirmed warning linked to leader ' s death , capture by michael davis copyright 2001 houston chronicle the fbi confirmed monday that it has warned the energy industry that osama bin laden may have ordered strikes against u . s . natural gas facilities if he is caught or killed . the agency issued the warning last week , attorney general john ashcroft said at a news conference monday . it had uncorroborated information that bin laden may have approved plans for such attacks , ashcroft added . the fbi warning said " such an attack would allegedly take place in the event that either bin laden or taliban leader mullah omar are either captured or killed . " the warning hit home in houston because while the warning did not single out a target , it referred specifically to natural gas infrastructure , such as pipelines . houston is the hub of this industry and is at the center of a dense web of gas pipelines . the warning was considered similar to the one issued earlier about potential attacks against west coast bridges . ashcroft said the government is in regular communication with companies that own the nation ' s energy infrastructure , such as refineries , natural gas pipelines and nuclear plants . federal law enforcement officials received the uncorroborated report of undetermined reliability about a potential attack against natural gas supplies about 10 days ago , ashcroft said . since the terrorist attacks on sept . 11 , all energy companies have established more stringent security measures . pipelines , however , are considered especially vulnerable since they are accessible above ground in remote areas with typically little more than a padlock and a metal fence to keep out someone wanting to damage the line . reliant energy entex , the natural gas distribution company that serves the houston area , was notified about the warning but has not added any new security measures as a result , company spokeswoman alicia dixon said . " we ' ve been on a heightened state of alert since sept . 11 so nothing is different today than it was yesterday , " dixon said . " we have very strong security in place already because of the nature of our business . we have to be prepared to deal with a variety of emergencies . " dixon said the company recieved word of the warning from the american gas association . the american petroleum institute also passed the warning on to energy companies , api spokesman juan palomo said . enron notified its employees of the warning and also has been on heightened state of alert since sept . 11 , company spokeswoman gina taylor said . " we take all threats seriously , " taylor said . enron monitors its pipelines and related facilities such as compression stations using planes , cars and on foot , she said . the company has not added staff to beef up its security as a result of the warning , she said . " we routinely patrol the right of way , " she said . there are thousands of miles of natural gas pipelines running throughout the nation . thirty interstate gas pipelines carry 90 percent of the natural gas transported , according to the interstate natural gas association of america . detailed information about locations of pipelines and other energy infrastructure has been taken off some corporate and government internet sites . access to facilities has been tightened as well , officials said . federal regulators have offered help to pay for the added protection by speeding rate hike requests for beefed - up security . if a pipeline were attacked with an explosive , for example , the operator could shut off the flow of natural gas , oil or refined products from either side of the break . nov . 27 , 2001 houston chronicle current recession differs from others by jim barlow copyright 2001 houston chronicle so it ' s official . the united states is in a recession . that was the word monday from the national bureau of economic research . a recession , by the by , comes about after six months of declining economic activity . in this case , the bureau said , the recession started last march , so we ' re already through almost nine months of slowdown . but there ' s something very different about this recession , different from all the others we ' ve experienced in the past four or five decades . we were not led into it by a huge oversupply of all kinds of real estate and a collapse in those prices . the current recession was sparked by a high - tech collapse , led by a glut of technology products . that doesn ' t mean real estate will sail through untouched this recession . there are places that will be hurting . san francisco comes to mind . it is a high - tech center , and there was a lot of building to accommodate that industry . there is also one real estate sector in trouble - - the hotel industry . it had already been hurt by a downturn in business travel . the sept . 11 terrorist attacks sent it , and air travel , reeling . recall see - through buildings ? but there ' s nothing like we saw back in the mid - 1980 s . remember when houston enriched the nation ' s vocabulary by coming up with the term see - through buildings ? those were the many skyscrapers in houston that had been built but never finished inside . so you could look right through them because there were no interior walls . indeed , if real estate is a bright spot in this recession , real estate in houston is a great shining light . houston ' s office building market is tight . the downtown office market has an 8 . 9 percent vacancy rate , and prime class a space prized by major corporations is effectively full . there should be some easing of that rate . enron corp . , with its well - publicized freefall , has almost completed a new headquarters . even more space will be coming onto the market when the 32 - story calpine center office tower is completed at 717 texas ave . in 2003 . century development has announced it is working on a 40 - story office tower downtown . crescent real estate equities is building a tower on the other side of main street . all this , plus cutbacks at continental airlines and the pending sale of compaq computer corp . to hewlett - packard co . , will doubtless hurt the office market . but no one is predicting disaster . the houston apartment market may be the nation ' s healthiest , with 93 . 5 percent of houston ' s apartments occupied in the third quarter of this year . that figure is almost a full percentage point higher than the year before . prices for apartments are up , as are rents . sales of used homes in october were the highest ever , with the median price up 3 . 9 percent . new - home sales are setting records . developers are optimists so how did we escape the usual ? credit lenders . real estate developing is full of optimists . ask any developer - - even in the midst of a bust - - and he ' ll tell you . it won ' t affect his building , which somehow is nicer , sexier or even more depression - proof than the next guy ' s . give a developer money , and he will build . lenders have been as tight as the bark on trees . that has forced developers to pre - lease buildings and seek partners with equity - - primarily pension funds - - before the banks would loan them money for new projects . several things happen to the real estate business during a recession . prices fall or stabilize - - and in this particular recession the bet is probably on stabilization . the banks and others that loan that money generally tighten credit standards , cutting off weaker real estate players . and the federal reserve board helps out the economy by lowering rates , which aids bargain hunters with deep pockets . in any recession , even one that is as benign to real estate as this one , some properties won ' t survive the economic downturn and owners will have to sell or file for bankruptcy . with the current low interest rates , companies with good credit will move in and buy those properties . remember the so - called vulture funds of the 1980 s ? how soon this process starts will determine the length of this recession . because real estate is in good shape this time , the process is not as important as it was in the 1980 s . still , if investors promptly snap up distressed properties , that will increase the odds that this recession will be a short one . enron gains on optimism dynegy purchase to proceed ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 27 07 : 59 ( new york ) ( updates to add instinet trading , comment by tice . ) houston , nov . 27 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares rose as much as 3 . 5 percent on instinet amid optimism dynegy inc . will proceed with its proposed acquisition of the rival u . s . energy trader after renegotiating the terms of its offer . shares of the energy trader plunged 55 percent last week on concern the merger would unravel after enron said it had more debt and less cash than previously announced , threatening its ability to operate until dynegy completes the purchase . executives of the two companies discussed possible changes in the terms over the weekend , people familiar with the matter said yesterday . dynegy is now talking about paying less than 0 . 15 shares for each of enron ' s , valuing the company ' s equity at about $ 5 billion , or less than $ 6 per share , the wall street journal reported , citing people close to the discussions . ` ` the choices are fairly stark : renegotiate the deal or file for chapter 11 , ' ' said john olson , an analyst with sanders morris harris , a houston - based financial services company . enron shares rose as much as 14 cents to $ 4 . 15 on instinet . the original dynegy bid valued enron at $ 10 . 54 a share in dynegy stock . the discount reflects skepticism among investors the acquisition will be completed under the original terms . bond investors were less optimistic . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds that mature in 2006 declined to 45 cents on the dollar from 48 cents on the dollar yesterday , traders said . at that price , the bonds yield 28 . 5 percent . ` ` the concern is that the dynegy deal breaks down , ' ' said paul tice , co - head of u . s . high - grade credit research who covers the energy market for deutsche bank . last week ' s securities and exchange commission filing ` ` had a lot of negative surprises . ' ' investors have become concerned because enron hasn ' t been able to complete a proposal to raise $ 2 billion through a private equity sale and moody ' s investors service is weighing whether to downgrade the company ' s credit rating . extension ? the companies may announce as early as today an extension by some banks on the repayment of enron ' s debt , a $ 500 million cash infusion from citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . , and an agreement that would keep the purchase intact despite lawsuits over enron ' s employee - retirement plan , the new york times said . neither enron spokeswoman karen denne nor dynegy spokesman john sousa would comment on whether talks on a new buyout agreement are underway . current terms call for an exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 share of dynegy stock for each enron share . given recent disclosures about enron ' s debt and the drop in the stock price , a fairer ratio would be 0 . 15 share of dynegy , said ronald barone , a ubs warburg analyst who rates dynegy a ` ` strong buy . ' ' ` ` if they can renegotiate the deal to half ( the original price ) , that ' s where you get really attractive earnings , ' ' said gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnais who rates dynegy a ` ` buy . ' ' enron ' s debt under current terms , the deal makes sense for dynegy only if enron earns 85 cents or more , howald said . barone has reduced his estimate of enron ' s 2002 earnings from $ 1 . 65 a share to 75 cents . dynegy shares fell $ 1 . 15 , or 2 . 9 percent , to $ 39 . 25 yesterday . new terms may not be necessary if enron can get the additional $ 2 billion in financing it ' s seeking , some investors said . ` ` if people who ' ve looked at enron are willing to put in that kind of money , it sends a message that their core businesses - - trading , pipelines and energy management - - are still sound , ' ' said kathleen vuchetich , who helps manage $ 1 . 4 billion in assets in the strong utilities fund , 4 . 3 percent of which is dynegy stock . enron has debt payments of more than $ 9 billion due before the end of 2002 , and has less than $ 2 billion in cash and credit lines left , the company said in a filing last week . if its cash reserves run too low , enron ' s credit rating may be cut below investment grade . that would trigger $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments for two affiliated partnerships . reprieve moody ' s investors service hasn ' t issued a report on enron since the company filed a 10 - q quarterly report with the securities and exchange commission last week . on nov . 9 , it rated enron ' s debt one notch above junk . the rating company ' s analysts didn ' t return calls seeking comment . egan - jones ratings co . lowered its rating on enron ' s credit today to ` ` bb - ' ' from ` ` bb , ' ' a level below investment grade . the houston - based company also said in the filing that it had a $ 690 million note due this week , and that it may have to reduce fourth - quarter earnings by $ 700 million . the write - off would come because it used stock to guarantee debt owed by an affiliated partnership , and the value of that stock has plunged . on wednesday , enron got a three - week reprieve from lenders on the $ 690 million note and closed on a $ 450 million credit line . dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson said he was ` ` encouraged ' ' by the developments . enron is negotiating to restructure its other debt , denne said yesterday . j . p . morgan and citigroup executives met today to line up investors willing to buy $ 2 billion in bonds convertible into enron stock . deteriorating daily many of enron ' s trading partners are shunning the company , and some analysts now say enron ' s 2002 earnings may hurt , rather than boost , dynegy ' s earnings , as watson has projected . ` ` the value of the assets dynegy is trying to buy - - the trading and marketing businesses - - are deteriorating on a daily basis as more counterparties back off on trading and dealing with enron , ' ' said mike heim , a securities analyst at a . g . edwards dynegy could kill deal or drop price james p miller , tribune staff reporter reuters news service contributed to this report 11 / 27 / 2001 chicago tribune north sports final ; n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) as dynegy inc . continued to scrutinize merger partner enron corp . ' s tangled finances , wall street traders bet that dynegy is on the verge of either calling off the enron buyout it announced three weeks ago or renegotiating a much cheaper price for its once - highflying rival . " the market is acting like the deal is not going through or not going through at the original terms , " said a . g . edwards analyst michael heim . the new york times reported the companies as early as tuesday could announce a new deal , which could reduce by nearly half dynegy ' s $ 9 billion takeover offer . under terms of the original agreement between the two houston - based energy concerns , enron stockholders are to swap each of their shares for little more than a quarter - share of dynegy stock , which closed monday at $ 39 . 25 . that would value enron shares at $ 10 . 54 . if investors believed the stock - for - stock deal was likely to go through , they would be willing to pay something very close to that price for enron shares - - but they ' re not . as investor doubts have grown , so has the gap between the buyout price and the trading price of enron ' s stock . on monday , enron ' s battered shares slid to their lowest level in years , dropping 70 cents , or 15 percent , to close at $ 4 . 01 . enron ' s market capitalization - - the value of the company ' s approximately 850 million shares - - has plunged to $ 3 . 41 billion . in february , enron ' s market cap was about $ 70 billion . with monday ' s slippage , enron shares are trading at a 62 percent discount to the dynegy offer . the shares of acquisition targets typically trade at a less than 10 percent discount to the deal price after a merger announcement . dynegy saying little as dynegy ' s audit team continued its in - depth review of enron ' s books monday , a company spokesman declined to discuss rumors swirling around the deal . " the due diligence continues , " said john sousa , the dynegy spokesman . " we ' re looking closely at enron . " asked about one analyst ' s recent projection that dynegy may renegotiate the transaction ' s exchange ratio and give enron holders just 0 . 15 dynegy shares for each enron share , rather than the agreed upon 0 . 2685 ratio , sousa said , " we don ' t comment on speculation . " there is no shortage of speculation of late in the " soap opera that is enron , " said commentator carol levenson of the gimme credit bond market newsletter . levenson suggested that " there ' s a game of chicken going on between enron , its bankers , its ostensible merger partner , dynegy , and the rating agencies . " any of the parties " could send this company over the edge at any moment , " she said , and enron " is in an increasingly weak negotiating position . " enron ' s fall from grace has been astonishingly swift and painful for its stockholders , some of whom are suing the company for allegedly using misleading accounting measures to conceal the shaky state of its finances . with monday ' s drop , enron shares have tumbled 95 percent from the $ 82 they commanded just 10 months ago . once a regional pipeline operator known as houston natural gas , enron transformed itself during the 1990 s through an ambitious expansion plan . it acquired electric utility operations , built overseas power plants and developed an innovative energy trading operation . partnership woes the strategy made enron a stock market darling , but it also periodically strained the company ' s liquidity . to help keep its credit ratings strong , the company created limited partnerships that allowed enron to keep billions of dollars in debt obligations off its books and out of sight of most investors . while enron ' s power trading group has experienced operating problems of late , it is the limited partnerships - - some of which were managed by enron officials - - that proved to be the company ' s downfall . in october , enron disclosed that it had shrunk its shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion to buy back 55 million shares it had issued to the partnerships . the charge associated with " unwinding " the web of partnerships stunned investors by giving the company an unforeseen $ 618 million third - quarter loss . it also spurred a markdown of enron ' s credit ratings to just above junk - bond status , as well as a securities and exchange commission investigation into enron ' s partnership practices . as further accounting difficulties surfaced , enron ' s finances have turned increasingly shaky , and some other trading companies , fearing exposure to enron ' s problems , have become reluctant do new transactions with the company . as part of the buyout arrangement , dynegy ' s 26 percent owner , chevron - texaco corp . , has given enron $ 1 . 5 billion in upfront cash ; in exchange , dynegy obtained rights that would allow it to acquire the desirable northern natural gas co . pipeline if the deal falls through . dynegy has the right to walk away from the deal if enron suffers what ' s known as a " material adverse change . " but as tyson foods inc . found out this year when it unsuccessfully sought to break its agreement to buy meatpacker ibp inc . after an accounting mess at ibp , proving such a claim can be difficult . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk pressure mounts on enron buyout energy : stock drops to its lowest since ' 87 on doubts dynegy deal will go through . workers sue over shrinking 401 ( k ) s . thomas s . mulligan times staff writer 11 / 27 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company new york - - enron corp . shares monday sank to a low not seen since the 1987 stock market crash , as investors continued to mark down the chances of the energy trader ' s completing its pending buyout by rival dynegy inc . enron stock tumbled 70 cents , or 15 % , to $ 4 . 01 on the new york stock exchange . dynegy fell $ 1 . 15 , or 3 % , to $ 39 . 25 on the big board . the pressure on enron is mounting not just from wall street but from regulators , bond - rating agencies , the energy trading community and enron ' s own employees , many of them angered by the devastation of their retirement accounts as the company ' s stock has plunged 95 % this year . an employee lawsuit was filed monday in federal court in houston , alleging that enron misled workers about its profitability and breached its fiduciary duty by inducing them to buy company stock for their 401 ( k ) retirement plans . about 15 , 000 enron employees are owed a total of $ 890 million in compensation for losses sustained in their retirement accounts , said eli gottesdiener , whose washington firm represents the plaintiffs . one of the plaintiffs , gary kemper , a maintenance foreman with enron ' s portland general electric unit in oregon , said the total value of his 401 ( k ) account has shrunk to $ 129 , 000 from $ 317 , 000 this year as his enron holdings collapsed to about $ 9 , 000 from $ 197 , 000 . " it wouldn ' t tick me off so bad except that they were sending us e - mail after e - mail [ last summer ] saying things are fine , " kemper said in an interview monday , referring to company executives . " of course , we find out later that they were dumping their own stock , millions of dollars at a time . " enron chairman kenneth l . lay cashed in stock and options worth $ 123 million last year , when the stock was near its peak . kemper and his wife had been planning to retire early , four years from now , but it is no longer clear that they will be able to afford it , he said . another law firm representing enron employees , seattle - based hagens berman , is looking into the possibility of adding enron ' s accounting firm as a defendant , partner karl barth said monday . the accountant , andersen , has been criticized for failing to catch irregularities that caused enron to restate its earnings dating back to 1997 and declare its previous financial reports unreliable . egan - jones ratings co . , a credit - rating agency in suburban philadelphia , on monday cut its rating on enron ' s senior debt by one notch , saying the company will need $ 1 billion to $ 1 . 5 billion in the next 45 days to fund operating losses and other liabilities . egan - jones dropped enron ' s bonds to the sub - investment - grade , or junk , level in august , about when the company ' s chief executive , jeffrey k . skilling , abruptly resigned . the agency ' s view is more severe than those of larger rivals moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s , which both continue to keep enron ' s debt in the investment - grade category . sean egan , a managing director of egan - jones , said he views the chances of the merger going through at less than 50 - 50 . and if the merger falls through , enron ' s chances of survival are not very high , he said . dynegy has kept mum about the deal since wednesday , when it said it was trying to speed regulatory approvals . wall street analysts have noted that dynegy could invoke terms of a " material adverse change " clause allowing it to modify or walk away from the deal if it determines that enron ' s condition is markedly worse than it was when the deal was struck nov . 9 . under the merger deal , enron shareholders would receive 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each of their shares . that implied a value of $ 10 . 54 a share , more than double enron ' s closing price monday . the gap indicates wall street ' s doubts about whether the deal will get done . elsewhere monday , the office of california atty . gen . bill lockyer reiterated that it will scrutinize the dynegy - enron merger on antitrust grounds . analysts say california could use its power to delay the deal as a way to squeeze dynegy for better prices on long - term power contracts it negotiated during the height of the state ' s energy crisis this year . enron already is under investigation by the securities and exchange commission over controversial deals involving limited partnerships organized and run by former company executives . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . global investing - a creative approach to property liabilities . by alison beard . 11 / 27 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved global investing - a creative approach to property liabilities - many big companies use ' synthetic ' leases to keep real estate costs off their balance sheets , reports alison beard . synthetic leases were among the many creative financing techniques used by enron , the troubled energy trading company . but the structure , which allows companies to keep real estate costs off their balance sheets while claiming the tax benefits of ownership , is legal and used by dozens of companies from toys r us to yahoo ! . " a synthetic lease is a debt alternative , " said michael rotchford , senior managing director at cushman & wakefield , the real estate services firm . " almost invariably for companies with good standing , ( it ) will provide them with much lower ongoing expenses than traditional leases . " but shareholders should be wary of companies that are simply disguising their property liabilities . " they ' ve got long - term assets and they ' re financed them with short - term means , " says anne coolidge , executive director at wp carey , the real estate banking firm that specialises in sale leasebacks , an alternative to synthetic leases . " traditionally equity analysts haven ' t taken that into account , although debt analysts have . everyone should know about these things . " companies choose synthetic leases because traditional options - rental agreements or outright ownership - are often unattractive . ownership means tying up cash in non - core real estate assets , but renting is more expensive in the long term . cisco systems , the networking equipment company , estimated in the mid - 1990 s that leasing would cost it 5 - 6 per cent more a year than owning its properties . at the same time , investors eager for double - digit profit growth were unlikely to tolerate a slowly appreciating real estate asset on the company ' s balance sheet . so cisco chose synthetic leases . the deals works as follows . a lender agrees to pay for a new development or an addition to a property . the company ' s " rent " is the interest on that financing , set at a rate reflecting its credit standing and priced as a spread over the london interbank office rate . these payments are deducted from the company ' s taxes . meanwhile , the company acts as owner and manager of the property , assuming all risk . it sets aside money to purchase the property at the end of the lease , listing the earmarked funds as " restricted cash " or " long - term assets " on its balance sheet . sometimes the company can extend the lease at the end of the term or sell the property , but that is at the lender ' s discretion . although depreciation of the property ' s value is not included on the company ' s balance sheet , it can be listed as a tax deduction . so far , the financial accounting standards board has issued few guidelines on synthetic leases . but " it is a loophole ( that allows ) the ownership and the lease benefits to accrue to the same player , " said gary declark , managing director of integra realty resources , the property appraisal and consulting firm . " sooner or later , it will probably be closed up . " ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron may cut price of dynegy deal by 40 percent - wsj . 11 / 27 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 27 ( reuters ) - hobbled energy giant enron corp . , in an effort to save its planned purchase by smaller rival dynegy inc . , may cut the price of the all - stock transaction by more than 40 percent to about $ 5 billion , the wall street journal reported on tuesday . enron also was negotiating to extend the maturity dates of some of its borrowings in order to stem a growing liquidity crisis according to people familiar with the matter , the paper said . the move to renegotiate the agreement , and particularly to cut the number of dynegy shares that enron holders would receive , two weeks after the pact ' s signing is virtually unheard of in corporate transactions , the wall street journal said . escape clauses built into the deal give dynegy the option to back out if there is a serious deterioration in enron ' s business or assets . enron has total debt of about $ 13 billion , according to the wall street journal , adding that analysts are increasingly worried that the giant energy - trading concern ' s relatively few hard assets are so burdened by debt that they cannot be used to bolster further borrowing . dynegy , which is 26 . 5 percent owned by energy giant chevrontexaco corp . , is to swap 0 . 2685 share of its own stock for each share of enron . shares of dynegy closed at $ 29 . 25 on new york stock exchange trade . once high - flying enron agreed to a dynegy buyout after it was overwhelmed by a series of problems , including a u . s . regulatory probe of off - balance - sheet dealings by its officers , a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity , and cuts to its credit ratings . enron subsequently restated its earnings some $ 600 million lower , and investor unease exploded and sent its shares tumbling . shares were above $ 90 in august 2000 . enron stock closed down 73 cents , or 15 . 4 percent , at $ 4 . 01 on the new york stock exchange on monday . ( ( - new york equities desk ( 646 ) 223 - 6000 ) ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron , dynegy discuss plan to cut price of acquisition 11 / 27 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , struggling to save its two - week - old deal to be acquired by dynegy inc . , was in advanced discussions with dynegy to cut the price of the all - stock transaction by more than 40 % to about $ 5 billion , people familiar with the matter told the wall street journal . beleaguered enron ( ene ) also was in continuing negotiations to extend the maturity dates of some of its borrowings in order to stem a growing liquidity crisis , these people said . enron has total debt of about $ 13 billion . increasingly , analysts are worried that the giant energy - trading concern ' s relatively few hard assets are so encumbered by debt that they can ' t be used to support further borrowing . enron stock slid to its lowest level in over a decade at 4 p . m . monday on the new york stock exchange , falling 70 cents to $ 4 . 01 a share . over the past few months , about $ 60 billion of enron ' s stock value has evaporated , a process that has accelerated since mid - october when the company announced a quarterly loss and a subsequent reduction in its equity base . since then , revelations that company executives profited from partnerships used to move assets on and off enron ' s books have spooked investors and triggered a securities and exchange commission investigation . recently , the company has twice restated earnings for past periods amid indications that its vaunted energy trading business is showing some signs of stress . the move to renegotiate the acquisition agreement , and particularly to slash the number of dynegy ( dyn ) shares that enron holders would receive , only two weeks after the pact ' s signing is virtually unheard of in corporate transactions . while terms are sometimes altered due to unanticipated developments , that typically doesn ' t happen until a transaction is nearly completed . enron had hoped to finalize arrangements and make an announcement monday that would calm its anxious investors , but the situation remained fluid throughout the day . as of monday evening , the revised deal still hadn ' t been formalized . the deal is critical for enron . in recent weeks , credit - rating agencies have indicated they will refrain from further cuts to enron ' s credit rating so long as a dynegy purchase appears probable . but if that deal collapses , downgrades could occur that would put enron below investment grade and in violation of credit agreements with counterparties . this in turn could deal a savage blow to enron ' s commodity - trading business that is its lifeblood . negotiators for the two companies returned to their home bases of houston monday after spending much of the holiday weekend meeting in suburban new york where they tried to agree on new provisions to the deal , which was announced nov . 9 . both dynegy and enron declined to comment on the discussions . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report : enron , dynegy deal back on table 11 / 27 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - executives of dynegy inc . plan to announce new terms for their $ 9 billion buyout offer for enron corp . as shares in enron continue to fall , according to the houston chronicle . sources familiar with talks between the two companies told the newspaper that the announcement could come as soon as tuesday . the sources said officials of the two houston - based energy traders spent the weekend and monday discussing a lower exchange rate for rival dynegy ' s stock deal to buy enron , among other issues . but as of monday evening , no exchange rate had been agreed to and discussions were continuing , the sources said , cautioning that the situation continued to change . the sources said enron and dynegy were working to finalize terms for an equity infusion into enron of around $ 500 million that ' s expected to come from j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup . another equity infusion from other parties was also possible later , the sources said . layoffs by enron were expected to begin sometime this week , according to the report . enron spokeswoman karen denne said any action the company would take concerning job cuts would be communicated first to employees . enron shares fell another 15 percent monday , and briefly traded below their all - time low , as investors continued to doubt that a $ 9 billion buyout offer from dynegy would be completed under the current terms . - - - sizable staff of 245 lawyers in merger limbo houston ( ap ) - the fate of enron corp . ' s massive legal staff has been a subject of discussion amid talk of possible layoffs at the troubled energy trader . the company ' s legal staff size is larger than some law firms . " we ' ve always regarded them as one of the big law firms in houston , " said howard ayers , managing partner of andrews & kurth , one of the city ' s largest with about 240 lawyers in houston . enron has about 245 lawyers worldwide , company spokesman vance meyer said . with about 145 lawyers in houston , if it were a private firm it would have been the city ' s sixth - largest , according to the chronicle . enron ' s internal law office has grown along with the huge trading firm , now set to merge with smaller but stronger dynegy . as enron ' s stock plummeted further , dynegy last week denied rumors it might drop out and leave enron to face possible bankruptcy . speculation in the legal community runs the gamut from rumors that dozens of lawyers could be laid off as early as this week to the idea that enron will hold on tightly to its talent . " my guess is they ' ll need their lawyers while they get things in a more steady state . there ' s a lot of legal work to go through , " said joel swanson , a senior partner at baker & botts , a law firm with about 265 lawyers in houston . in addition to enron ' s in - house legal staff , the company also has hired just about every large firm in houston over the last few years . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk money make - over club sticks together through thick , thin graham witherall special to the times 11 / 27 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company like a lot of investors , the women taking stock investment club got to the great bull market of the 1990 s just as the party was coming to an end . dazzled by watching others reap double - digit returns in the stock market year after year , the group of westside friends decided to form an investment club and get in on the fun . it hasn ' t exactly been a joy ride . a victim of bad timing , the club made its first purchase in late 1998 and continued building its portfolio over the next three years as the market peaked and then plunged - - taking many of the club ' s holdings with it . five of the club ' s selections have lost more than half their purchase price , and some of the worst performers have shed two - thirds of their value . with their portfolio awash in red ink , club members have been paralyzed into inaction . " we are not comfortable selling anything , " said gail berlant , a founder of the 15 - member group . " and we are hesitant to buy , although we think it might be a good time . " what makes the downdraft more difficult to stomach is that the club thought it was employing a safe strategy . it chose mostly well - known companies it expected to be steady performers , avoiding riskier choices . and unlike many investment clubs , women taking stock diversified its holdings and resisted the temptation to buy internet stocks , a once - hot sector that burned many investors when it crashed . the group ' s portfolio includes several well - known names in pharmaceuticals , entertainment , energy and financial services . although their few technology choices , including cisco systems and applied materials , have contributed to their fall , they ' ve also lost big on non - tech stocks such as retailer gap . despite the declines , the club members are determined not to give up . they intend to stick together - - defying the trend among many investment clubs to disband in the face of the grinding bear market . and although they are still solidly on the losing side of the ledger , there are some factors that bode well for the group ' s future . for one thing , the stakes are relatively modest : members contribute $ 125 to join and chip in $ 50 a month . no one is counting on the club to pay for a child ' s college costs or to fund a retirement . the club ' s entire portfolio is currently worth less than $ 25 , 000 . in addition , members see the group as a way to learn about investing , not as a road to instant riches . " we look at this as a learning process , " berlant said . perhaps most important , club members learn from their mistakes . for instance , they realize that their stock selection has lacked focus , particularly in the early days . " each meeting , people would present stocks they had read about in newspapers and in better investing , " a publication of the national assn . of investors corp . , an umbrella group for clubs , said sandy roberts , the club ' s president . using that approach , many of the club ' s early investments were in companies that members were familiar with , high - profile names such as disney , coca - cola and gap . " we thought gap ' s tv commercials were fantastic , " member susan osti said . the results were disappointing , even given the stock market ' s overall decline . gap , for example , has lost 61 % since the club bought it . the standard & poor ' s index of retail stocks is down about 3 % during that same period . after several of their other early choices tanked - - the club ' s worldcom shares , purchased in october 1999 , are down 80 % - - the club members decided to adopt a more systematic approach to stock - picking . " a year ago , a stock broker friend of ours told us that we should focus on certain industries and assign people to research stocks within those industries , " member penny berro said . " so we divided up some industries [ among the members ] and started by looking at pharmaceuticals and energy . " in the pharmaceutical field , the group settled on pfizer , which has risen 15 % since the club purchased it in march , and johnson & johnson , which also sells consumer products and is up 32 % since march . in energy , the club narrowed its choice to enron and dynegy . at the time , enron was getting bad publicity for its role in california ' s electricity woes , leaving the women feeling uncomfortable with buying stock in the houston - based company . " there were no red flags with dynegy , " vicki whitney said . " it was diversified and seemed like it could withstand problems better than enron . " the choice has proved to a wise one , relatively speaking . enron , enmeshed in an accounting scandal , is down 91 % since july . dynegy has been hurt by a sharp downturn in energy stocks that accompanied the recent fall in oil prices , but is down a comparatively mild 19 % since the club bought it . ironically , part of dynegy ' s current slide is due to its proposed acquisition of enron . club members asked times business editors to review their portfolio . in a recent meeting with the group , senior markets editor tom petruno encouraged club members not to be too hard on themselves , noting that they avoided the mistake made by many investment clubs : concentrating too much - - or all - - of their money in volatile tech stocks . " you have some failures , but you ' ve also done some things right , " petruno said . " you arrived late in the market , but you ' ve got good asset allocation . " but he warned that selecting stocks such as gap and disney merely because they are large or well - known is not necessarily a sound strategy . " it used to be that you couldn ' t go wrong with gap , " petruno said . " now you can go very wrong . just because a company is big and has a huge brand name doesn ' t guarantee anything . " he suggested that the members stick to their commitment to dig into a company ' s financial condition and competitive position before investing . " read annual reports and quarterly reports and really look at a company ' s fundamentals , " petruno said . " ask yourself what ' s going on with the company . are you comfortable with management ? what ' s the company ' s focus ? if it ' s having problems , how does it plan to get back on track ? " club members should be wary of companies with a lot of debt on their books , he said , particularly if club members expect the current economic downturn to be prolonged . " what ' s reasonable debt in a good economy may not be reasonable in a bad economy , " he said . " creditors tend to get nervous in a bad economy . debt can sink a company . " the club should compare debt - to - equity ratios for companies in the same industry to determine if a company ' s debt load is unusually heavy , petruno said . martin zimmerman , times assistant business editor for markets , also warned the club to resist buying stocks that appear to be cheap just because they ' ve fallen a long way from their highs . " even if you find a viable company that may be priced at $ 20 [ a share ] after once being priced at $ 150 , that doesn ' t make it a bargain , " he said . " it may only ever be worth $ 25 , or worse , it may only be worth $ 10 . " the club deserves credit for going against conventional wisdom by buying stocks in industries that may be momentarily out of favor , petruno said . referring to the club ' s decision in august to buy more shares of cisco systems , petruno said : " i ' m glad you ' re not succumbing to the temptation not to look at anything in tech . a lot of people who lost money in that area won ' t go near it . but there will be survivors . and fortunes can be made by picking stocks when no one else likes them . " refining its buying discipline is only one of the club ' s challenges . investors also need to know when to sell . women taking stock has sold only one stock in its history , and it sold that one , compaq computer , only after the company ' s shares lost a third of their value and a friend in the securities industry urged them to unload the stock . meanwhile , stocks that have shed more than half their value , such as gap , worldcom and applied materials , remain in their portfolio . " our goal was to buy stocks that would double in five years , " berlant said . " that ' s why we haven ' t sold anything . " one way to take make the decision easier is for club members to set a limit on how much they ' re willing to lose on a stock , petruno suggested . if a stock drops 25 % , for example , the club could unload it or at least agree to take a critical look to determine whether it ' s worth sticking with . " it ' s easy to say that a stock is going to come back , but they don ' t always come back , " he said . " many times , a 25 % loss can turn into a 40 % or 50 % loss . you need a point where you will take a hard look and decide whether you need to cut your losses . " one thing club members agree on : although their initiation into investing has come during the worst bear market in three decades , they ' re determined to stay the course . " we realize that we got into the market late , " roberts said . " but we ' ve learned a lot and we ' re not discouraged . we ' re definitely going to hang in there . " ( begin text of infobox / infographic ) hanging in there : the club ' s portfolio the members of women taking stock , a westside investment club , have seen their portfolio take some big hits over the last three years . but some of their most recent picks have fared better . ticker date no . of purchase mon . pctg . company symbol purchased shares price price change walt disney dis 9 / 21 / 98 50 $ 25 . 29 $ 21 . 39 - 15 . 4 % wells fargo wfc 1 / 26 / 99 50 35 . 91 43 . 37 + 20 . 8 coca - cola ko 3 / 17 / 99 25 68 . 94 48 . 31 - 30 . 0 computer motion rbot 8 / 17 / 99 100 10 . 02 4 . 03 - 59 . 8 coca - cola ko 9 / 22 / 99 25 52 . 63 48 . 31 - 8 . 2 worldcom wcom 10 / 19 / 99 50 74 . 25 14 . 47 - 80 . 5 gap gps 11 / 16 / 99 50 38 . 25 14 . 95 - 60 . 9 amgen amgn 1 / 11 / 00 40 71 . 92 67 . 39 - 6 . 3 applied materials amat 3 / 21 / 00 20 96 . 58 40 . 06 - 58 . 5 cvs cvs 3 / 21 / 00 20 37 . 63 26 . 90 - 28 . 5 cisco systems csco 6 / 20 / 00 25 68 . 99 19 . 93 - 71 . 1 consolidated water cwco 6 / 20 / 00 75 7 . 43 10 . 51 + 41 . 5 general electric ge 8 / 22 / 00 25 56 . 63 41 . 32 - 27 . 0 johnson & johnson jnj 3 / 20 / 01 50 45 . 82 60 . 50 + 32 . 0 pfizer pfe 3 / 20 / 01 25 38 . 15 43 . 90 + 15 . 1 s & p 500 trust spy 3 / 20 / 01 20 118 . 21 115 . 93 - 1 . 9 dynegy dyn 7 / 17 / 01 50 48 . 54 39 . 25 - 19 . 1 general electric ge 8 / 21 / 01 20 41 . 52 41 . 32 - 0 . 5 cisco systems csco 8 / 21 / 01 25 16 . 93 19 . 93 + 17 . 7 * note : johnson ; photographer : lawrence k . ho / los angeles times ; photo : women taking stock investment club members meet with business section editors at the times ' offices for a portfolio make - over , where they pick up some strategies for managing their stock holdings . ; ; photographer : lawrence k . ho / los angeles times copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron workers file another suit to recover losses in retirement accounts 11 / 27 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - enron corp employees have filed another lawsuit against the company over lost retirement savings due to the recent collapse of its share price , the wall street journal europe reported . eli gottesdiener , a washington attorney who filed the latest suit on behalf of employees , said it seeks 850 mln usd in retirement plan losses , in part because the company sold enron shares to its employees knowing the price was artifically inflated , the newspaper said . an enron spokeswoman declined to comment , it added . unlike two similar lawsuits recently filed against enron , this most recent suit contends that enron offered the share price without the required prospectus , the paper said . vs for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones houston ) energy giant enron corporation ( nyse : ene ) ( houston ) , also the seventh largest newsprint producer in north america , recently agreed to be taken over by energy rival dynegy incorporated ( nyse : dyn ) ( houston ) . dynegy has given the forest products group , which falls under enron ' s wholesale services business segment , an " under review " status in determining which businesses are core or non - core . whether dynegy sheds or retains its papermaking assets may not be known before the summer of 2002 , when the transaction is expected to close . the forest products group consists of a mill on the east coast and two in eastern canada , which will require an infusion of capital for improvements . last year , enron industrial markets purchased garden state paper from media general , a communications company , for roughly $ 72 million . located in garfield , n . j . , the mill employs 290 people and has a capacity of 240 , 000 short tons a year of newsprint . earlier this year , enron acquired daishowa forest products limited to gain ownership of its newsprint mill and related assets in quebec city , quebec . the former daishowa forest mill , now called papiers stadacona is integrated with a thermo - mechanical pulp ( tmp ) mill that feeds four paper machines and employs over 1 , 000 employees . the mill has studied the addition of a new de - inking plant , a bio - mass boiler , and modernizations to the four paper machines . nlk consultants and enron share ownership in the papier masson mill in masson - angers , quebec . the single machine mill employs over 300 workers and produces approximately 600 metric tons a day of recycled content newsprint . upon completion of the merger , the new dynegy is expected to have revenues exceeding $ 200 billion and $ 90 billion in assets . dynegy is one of the world ' s premier energy merchants . through its global energy delivery network and marketing , trading and risk management capabilities , dynegy provides innovative solutions to customers in north america and the united kingdom and continental europe . industrialinfo . com provides daily news related to the industrial market place including industry alerts and databases for the energy and industrial markets . for more information on trends and upcoming construction activities in the pulp , paper and wood industry as well as other industrial sectors send inquiries to pulpandpapergroup @ industrialinfo . com or visit us at www . industrialinfo . com . contact : industrialinfo . com , houston randy godet , 713 / 783 - 5147 05 : 00 est november 27 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . m and a enron , dynegy to rework $ 24 b deal by claire poole in houston 11 / 27 / 2001 the daily deal copyright ( c ) 2001 the deal llc houston energy company dynegy has reportedly reopened talks with its ailing crosstown rival since the collapse of enron ' s stock price , which has been sliced in half since the acquisition was announced . houston energy company dynegy inc . has returned to the bargaining table and is talking with ailing crosstown rival enron corp . and related parties about modifying their $ 24 billion merger agreement , according to sources close to the deal . the two power traders are in a " friendly renegotiation , " sources say . " all the parties are talking as it relates to terms and conditions , " one person said . the main reason for rekindling the talks is the collapse of enron ' s stock price , which has been sliced in half since the acquisition was announced nov . 9 for $ 24 billion in cash , stock and debt assumption . the deal valued enron ' s shares at $ 10 . 41 , a 20 % premium over its $ 8 . 63 close before the announcement . but enron ' s shares have fallen steadily since , closing monday at $ 4 . 01 , down nearly 15 % on the day . dynegy ' s stock has also lost about 11 % of its value since the deal was announced , closing down 2 . 85 % nov . 26 to $ 39 . 25 . john olson , a longtime enron follower at sanders morris harris in houston , thinks dynegy might be pushing for $ 5 . 25 per share . " that ' s closer to the reality of the current market , " he said . if dynegy can ' t work out a better deal , another course might be to allow enron to slip into bankruptcy , according to sources . with enron ' s stock price slipping and only $ 1 billion in cash remaining , olson thinks it ' s the wiser of the two options . " would enron be better off to go bankrupt or get nickeled and dimed to death by wall street that is not in love with this deal ? " he asks . " chapter 11 looks more sensible to me . " olson said if enron can get $ 3 billion in debtor financing , bankruptcy would be preferable to anything else . " the lower stock price , the higher probability [ of chapter 11 ] , " he said . " investors , creditors and bankers all want some closure on this . " olson speculates that only the sick part of enron - - the parent and the trading operations , which are worth about $ 12 . 5 billion - - would file for bankruptcy , while the healthy part - - the pipeline and energy outsourcing assets , which are worth around $ 5 billion - - would be left out . " you ' d end up with a ' good bank , bad bank ' profile , " he said , referring to the strategy many financial firms followed when they went bust in the 1980 s . dynegy would be an obvious buyer of the pipeline and energy outsourcing assets . it already has an option to buy enron ' s northern natural gas co . pipeline system if the deal doesn ' t go through , in exchange for its $ 1 . 5 billion investment in enron at the deal ' s signing , provided by investor chevrontexaco corp . , of san francisco . if dynegy walks away from the deal , it would have to pay a $ 350 million breakup fee plus $ 10 million in expenses . enron spokesman vance meyer wouldn ' t comment on whether it was renegotiating the deal with dynegy . he also wouldn ' t speculate on whether the firm was considering bankruptcy as an option if a new deal with dynegy couldn ' t be worked out . a dynegy spokesman said the status of the proposed merger has not changed . " our due diligence is ongoing , " he said . right now , credit rating agencies are hesitating before they downgrade enron ' s ratings to junk status , which could further pressure enron ' s day - to - day business operations and lead it faster to insolvency . " it ' s a fluid situation , " said ralph pellecchia , senior director at new york rating agency fitch inc . , which has enron ' s bond ratings at one level above junk . " there ' s a lot of conjecture about enron ' s dealings with dynegy and the banks . we ' ll just have to wait until there ' s another event or announcement before we act . " according to fitch , enron is sitting on about $ 1 . 8 billion in cash , $ 1 . 4 billion as it reported in its quarterly report to the u . s . securities and exchange commission nov . 19 and $ 450 million it took down last week from a $ 1 billion credit line extended by its investment bankers on the dynegy deal , j . p . morgan and salomon smith barney inc . late last week , enron also managed to extend the deadline on $ 690 million in partnership - related debt that was due monday until mid - december , although fitch would like to see it extended further . " mid - december doesn ' t help enron much , " pellecchia said . the payment obligation arose because a clause in a financial agreement was triggered when rating agency standard & poor ' s reduced enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to triple - b - minus nov . 12 . if its credit rating is further reduced , enron admitted it risks triggering $ 3 . 9 billion in additional debt payments , which would result in the company failing to be a " going concern , " according to quarterly filing . paying off these debts would mean the company could not service its revolving credit accounts . fixed - income research service creditsights said the goal of the banks now is to " re - cut their exposure to gain as much structural seniority or asset liens as possible , take out fees , raise rates , take down total exposure and generally improve their risk - profile under multiple scenarios . " carol levenson , an analyst for gimmecredit , another fixed - income research service , thinks it will leave the unsecured bondholders holding the bag . " the very bankers who are supplying liquidity through new secured bank lines and who are rumored to be considering equity investments are the ones on the hook ( and unsecured ) for $ 3 billion in bank loans , ' ' she wrote in a research report issued monday . " if dynegy backs out ( in the interest of self - preservation ) , these vital bank renegotiations might save enron but leave unsecured bondholders as the patsies . ' ' investors and employees , meanwhile , are still suing enron . eli gottesdiener , an attorney in washington , d . c . , said monday he had filed a lawsuit on behalf of enron employees who have lost an estimated $ 850 million on enron stock held in their 401 ( k ) retirement accounts . he charges that enron violated federal securities law by offering and selling enron shares to employees without issuing a prospectus . the suit is the third filed against enron alleging the company breached its fiduciary duty to employees by encouraging them to invest in its stock at artificially inflated prices . all three seek class - action status . gottesdiener is also involved in pension class actions against new york life insurance co . and sbc communications inc . of san antonio . reworking the details dynegy has returned to the bargaining table and is talking with ailing crosstown rival enron and related parties about modifying their $ 24 billion merger agreement , according to sources close to the deal . company enron ceo kenneth l . lay headquarters houston date action 7 / 29 / 01 bank of america , citibank , abn amro , overseas private investment corp . of the u . s . and seven other lenders with $ 440 million in loans asked india ' s highest court for the right to support enron in its bid to withdraw from a $ 2 . 9 billion power plant investment near mumbai , india 9 / 15 / 01 enron ' s ceo jeff skilling , who held the post for six months , said he was leaving for personal reasons . the stock drops 6 . 83 % on the day . 10 / 03 / 01 bg group plc buys enron ' s production assets on the west coast of india for $ 388 million in cash 10 / 08 / 01 enron sells portland general electric for $ 2 . 9 billion to northwest natural gas co . 10 / 22 / 01 enron ' s stock falls 10 % as the sec begins an investigation into the company ' s relationship with two limited partnerships 10 / 30 / 01 enron ' s stock price continues to take a beating 11 / 05 / 01 enron feverishly looks to sell billions of dollars in assets to generate cash 11 / 06 / 01 enron begins talking with private equity firms as it struggles to raise $ 2 billion in financing 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy confirms its in talks to acquire enron 11 / 09 / 01 dynegy to buy enron for $ 7 . 8 billion 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy faces challenge to enron deal 11 / 19 / 01 enron puts wessex water on the block 11 / 20 / 01 ferc under pressure to approve the dynegy - enron merger 11 / 21 / 01 dynegy says it would try to quicken the pace of the companies ' $ 24 billion merger 11 / 26 / 01 enron , dynegy are reworking terms of their possible merger source : the deal www . thedeal . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : enron india unit , lenders to meet in uk this week . 11 / 27 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 27 ( reuters ) - enron corp ' s troubled indian unit and its foreign lenders will hold separate meetings this week to decide the fate of a power project once considered the showpiece of india ' s reform programme , a banking source said on tuesday . the meetings , to be held in london on friday and saturday , will consider proposals to allow the dabhol power company , which is 65 percent owned by enron , to pull the plug on a contract to sell power from a giant power project , he said . the $ 2 . 9 billion , 2 , 184 mw project , which is india ' s largest foreign direct investment , has been shut since june this year following a dispute with its sole buyer the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . the departure of enron and its partners would be another blow to attempts to attract foreign investment into the domestic power sector . five foreign companies have either pulled out or announced plans to exit the sector , fed up with bureaucratic delays and legal wrangling over the past few years . at the same time , parent enron corp of the united states is struggling to ward off bankruptcy and save its proposed buyout by smaller rival dynegy inc . its share price has already taken a beating this year over widespread investor doubts about its corporate governance practices . enron shares closed down 73 cents , or 15 . 4 percent , at $ 4 . 01 on the new york stock exchange ( nyse ) on monday , after dipping to at least an 18 - year - low of $ 3 . 76 . a dabhol spokesman in bombay confirmed that the dabhol board is meeting in november 30 in london . but he declined to disclose the agenda . the banking source said the dabhol board will consider giving the management authorisation to issue a final termination notice to the mseb . foreign lenders , led by citibank and bank of america , are meeting in london on the same day and will also consider giving dabhol permission to issue such a notice . under a 1995 agreement between dabhol and mseb in 1995 , the company needs lenders ' permission before issuing a terminating notice . once issued , the notice would trigger international arbitration to resolve arguments over damages . mega project dabhol and mseb have been feuding for more than a year over payment defaults and high tariffs . the dispute stopped work on the second phase of the unit which is 97 percent complete . enron and its fellow u . s . investors general electric co and bechtel , fed up with payment defaults , have already announced their intentions to exit the project . they have agreed to sell their stake of 85 percent to either the indian government or a private power company . at the same time , they have also proceeded with plans to cancel the contract . a preliminary cancellation notice was issued in may this year . this was to be followed up by a final termination notice after six months . that six - month deadline expired on november 19 . but dabhol was prevented from taking the final step by a bombay court . acting on an urgent petition by indian lenders , who were against the termination , the court asked dabhol not to issue such a notice until december 3 . the banking source said dabhol is only trying to secure all approvals and would not actually issue the notice on november 30 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) pune : if youre thinking of sending scary , anonymous emails , think again . the police are fast catching up on the technology to trace such mails . on friday , the ratnagiri police arrested pune - based computer professional habibuddin sheikh 20 ) . a former employee of the dabhol power corporation dpc ) sheikh had sent an email threatening to blow up dpcs guhagar plant . according to the ratnagiri police , dpc received the threatening mail last month . the company was being targeted because it was a venture of the american giant enron , the mail said . superintendent of police vinaykumar chaube immediately formed a special team and tracked the mail down to a cybercafe in wanowrie in pune . the cybercafe records revealed that sheikh had used the cyber cafe at the time and day on which the mail was received by dpc . the investigators were already working on the hunch that the mail must have been the handiwork of one of the 1 , 000 workers retrenched by the company . sheikhs handwriting in the companys records too matched . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - demand for electricity re - energises gas project . by dan westell . 11 / 27 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved companies & finance the americas - demand for electricity re - energises gas project - after more than 20 years , gas pipeline companies are revisiting us / canadian plans . writes dan westell . the vision of a booming demand for electricity has brought a large part of the north american natural gas pipeline industry together to revive a 20 - year - old mega - project . it was the late 1970 s when the us and canadian governments first approved a consortium to bring gas from the north slope in alaska to markets in the lower 48 states . that project foundered as gas prices sagged , but last week , the original pipeline partners - six us and three canadian companies - agreed to make a new approach to the alaskan gas producers by the end of the year . a second gas project , a proposal by canadian producers who own undeveloped fields in canada ' s arctic , is also hoping to launch a pipeline project this year . after coming to terms with indigenous peoples in the north , the canadian group hopes next month to begin preparing regulatory filings for a pipeline from the mackenzie river delta down the mackenzie valley to the south . after years of quiet in the northern energy front , there is a very real prospect that gas from one project , or perhaps even both projects , could be flowing by 2008 . certainly , politics has something to do with the change , especially the reactions to california ' s electricity problems and worries about security of supply , heightened by terrorism and problems in the middle east . for the companies , however , long - term pipeline projects are driven by forecasts showing a nearly 50 per cent increase in us gas consumption by 2010 . the extra gas will largely be used to generate electricity , said rocco ciancio , spokesman for foothills pipe lines , one of the three canadian companies in the pipeline group that is preparing its pitch to the alaskan producers . the pipelines ' revived interest in moving alaskan gas was propelled by gas spot prices , which hit usdollars 10 . 53 per mmbtu on january 2 . other groups were already in motion , including the canadian producers ( led by imperial oil ) , which have large undeveloped gas fields in the mackenzie river delta . the north slope producers - exxonmobil , bp and phillips - began their own study early this year to assess two routes : 1 , 800 miles running east under the beaufort sea from prudhoe bay to the mackenzie delta , then south , or 2 , 100 miles following existing roads through the alaskan interior to alberta . the higher prices are now a memory as gas has slid back to usdollars 2 . 50 per mmbtu , but the wheels on all three proposals continue to turn . the pipeline group - canada ' s transcanada pipelines and westcoast energy ( which together own foothills ) and affiliates of us companies williams , duke energy , sempra energy international , enron , pg & e and el paso - is planning a usdollars 9 . 7 bn project to carry 4 bn cu ft a day . it needs a price of usdollars 3 per mmbtu to be viable . the north slope companies produce about 8 bn cu ft of gas a day ( a byproduct with oil ) in prudhoe bay , but reinject it into the ground . there is no way of getting it or the known reserves of 35 , 000 bn cu ft , let alone the potential reserves of 100 , 000 cu ft , to market . the preliminary results of their study , however , show a price of usdollars 3 per mmbtu and falls short of the 15 per cent return on equity target set in the study , said spokesman curtis thayer . they want to ship more gas than the pipelines are proposing , requiring a bigger pipe , and believe the project will require not just the new northern pipeline , but expansion of the existing 1 , 800 - mile system between alberta and chicago to handle the increased volume . all in , they have priced the alaska route at usdollars 17 . 2 bn , and the beaufort - mackenzie route at usdollars 15 . 1 bn . new technology or changes in project parameters could cut the cost , bridging some of the gap between the foothills group and the producers . but the producers are also pushing governments to lower regulatory costs and bring more certainty to tax issues . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . the americas - bolivia urged to handle its new - found wealth with care . by paul keller . 11 / 27 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved the americas - bolivia urged to handle its new - found wealth with care - gas reserves - the country needs to diversify its customer base if energy discoveries are to prove a long - term cure for economic ills - and an alternative to the cocaine trade . paul keller reports . the discovery of large natural gas reserves in bolivia has led some to believe that the landlocked south american country has found a long - term cure for its economic ills - and an alternative to the cocaine trade . true , reserves are plentiful , analysts say , but an excess of supply and the risk that this fragile andean economy comes to rely too heavily on hydrocarbon revenues suggest bolivia must handle gas with care . " we have told the government , gas is not the saviour of bolivia , " says steven hopper , the general manager of transredes , the enron - shell gas transport utility . " this is a critical time for bolivia as it has to find markets for its gas . the industry is generally optimistic . the worst scenario is that gas demand in brazil doesn ' t grow . " the strategy of president jorge quiroga , a 41 - year - old technocrat who took over from ailing ex - president hugo banzer in august , is to help bolivia go from being a world coca leaf grower to gas producer and regional energy hub . it is a strategy , analysts say , already paying dividends . " bolivia is only now beginning to realise some of the return on its gas flowing to brazil , " says one western observer . " gas is seen as leading element in mid - to long - term recovery . " to speed up the anticipated benefits , bolivia is considering selling securities backed by tax receipts from future gas sales . the government plans to securitise one - third of the income from gas sales to brazil over the next 19 years . the $ 8 . 3 bn mining and agriculture - dominated economy , one of latin america ' s smallest , has been in a three - year downturn as internal demand evaporates and the value of exports plummets . us - sponsored eradication of coca and cocaine production also removed a significant chunk of revenue . thus the riches and influence promised by gas symbolise hope in a country better known in recent decades for social turmoil , military coups , nazi asylum - seekers and the once - omnipresent drugs trade . oil and gas were the only industrial sectors to show growth this year . in the first seven months gas production rose by 47 . 9 per cent year on year . output of oil - extracted during gas production - grew 16 . 1 per cent . gearing up for greater brazilian demand , capacity is being increased on bolivia ' s existing gas pipeline . a petrobras , repsol - ypf and totalfinaelf consortium hopes to start building a rival pipeline . but for the multinationals that have invested in bolivia ' s gas market , the worry is that southern cone demand will not keep pace with supply . although not as big as bolivia ' s reserves , argentina and peru also have gas to develop and export . while brazil has vast energy needs , bolivia needs to diversify its gas customer base , analysts say . with proven and probable bolivian reserves of 46 , 800 bn cu ft and another 23 , 200 bn cu ft of possible reserves , only venezuela , with 143 , 000 bn cu ft of reserves , has more gas in south america . the amount of gas found has grown eightfold since bolivia opened up its gas market in 1997 . however current demand for gas in the southern cone is estimated at around only 10 , 500 bn cu ft . in the quest for new markets , the government has backed a plan to ship natural gas to the energy - hungry us west coast . but even with strong commercial backing , the $ 6 bn project - led by pacific lng , a consortium made up of spain ' s repsol - ypf , british gas and british petroleum - must still negotiate a number of political and technical hurdles to succeed , analysts say . the project in its present form requires a $ 1 bn , 700 km pipeline across the andes linking the chilean coast with bolivia ' s largest gas field , margarita , owned by the consortium . liquefied gas could then be shipped to mexico and piped into the us . it all needs careful negotiation both with the governments involved and us gas distributors . but la paz is optimistic that the project will be shipping gas to the us within five years . mr quiroga , who steps down next year , has spearheaded efforts to open up the us gas market . he recently predicted gas would " open doors " for bolivia . he also hopes to persuade chile to grant it access to the pacific in return for choosing a chilean port as the site for a $ 2 bn liquefaction plant needed in the pacific lng project . peru is vying to receive bolivian gas , but analysts expect chile to win out . however , analysts continue to warn mr quiroga not to overplay the " gas card " , bearing in mind both that the industry will not create masses of new jobs as well as the country ' s over - reliance in the past on expendable resources such as silver and tin . luis felipe rivero , the general manager of the financial group bisa , says : " there are great expectations that gas will become one of the principal generators of revenue and a creator of investment in bolivia . " but because of these expectations , there is a risk of letting slip the country ' s basic problems which are a lack of education , a lack of health services , lack of job opportunities and corruption . " ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron lawsuit seen as wake - up call for pensions . by andrew kelly 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 26 ( reuters ) - a washington , d . c . , lawyer said monday he hopes heavy losses suffered by enron corp . employees will spur congress to limit employee investments in their employers ' stock through 401 ( k ) retirement plans . " how many workers have to lose both their jobs and their retirement savings before congress steps in and puts a stop to this by placing a cap on the amount of company stock that can be in a 401 ( k ) plan ? " lawyer eli gottesdiener asked . gottesdiener released a statement monday saying he had filed a lawsuit on behalf of employees of the beleaguered energy giant who have lost an estimated $ 850 million on enron stock held in their 401 ( k ) retirement accounts . the suit is one of four filed against enron that alleges the company breached its fiduciary duty to employees by encouraging them to invest in its stock at artificially inflated prices . two similar suits were announced last week and the seattle law firm of dalton gotto samson & kilgard also announced one on monday . all four suits seek class - action status . enron ' s shares have fallen from a high of $ 90 in august 2000 to less than $ 5 today , their decline accelerating since oct 16 amid a series of disclosures about its deteriorating finances . like many other companies , enron makes matching contributions to its employees ' 401 ( k ) retirement accounts in its own stock . it also requires them to hold the stock they receive in matching contributions until they turn 50 . enron employees were also prevented from selling enron stock held in retirement accounts for several weeks from mid - october due to a change in the retirement plan ' s administrator . gottesdiener said investment advisors recommend investing no more than 15 percent of a portfolio in a single stock , but that participants in 401 ( k ) plans offering employer stock as a choice typically hold 33 percent of their portfolio in that stock . " congress sensibly placed a 10 percent limit on company stock in traditional defined benefit plans back in 1974 , but at the behest of the corporate lobby , it placed no such cap on defined contribution plans , " he said . the absence of such a cap in defined - contribution 401 ( k ) plans was " completely indefensible , " he said . gottesdiener ' s suit alleges that enron violated federal securities law by offering and selling enron stock to employees without issuing a prospectus . if proven , this would give workers the right to reverse their purchases , he said . gottesdiener is also involved in class action pensions litigation against new york life insurance co . and sbc communications inc . . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : calif . attorney gen ' l to examine dynegy - enron deal . 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . sacramento , calif . , nov 26 ( reuters ) - california ' s attorney general will examine dynegy inc . ' s bid to buy its much larger energy rival , enron corp . , officials said monday , adding a potential new wrinkle to the troubled $ 9 billion merger proposal . " we are reviewing the merger for anti - trust concerns , " said sandra michioku , spokeswoman for attorney general bill lockyer . michioku said it was still far too early to say what position california would take on the proposed merger , which involves two companies often publicly blamed for helping to create california ' s energy crisis this year . dynegy was among five energy companies named in a lawsuit filed in may by lt . gov . cruz bustamante alleging energy price manipulation at several southern california power plants it owns . dynegy has denied the accusation . enron , while owning no generation plants in california , is a major national player for energy trading and natural gas transmission - which if merged with dynegy ' s market presence in the state could create a major new energy powerhouse . the proposed merger , which has been plagued by uncertainty amid news of major new enron debt and a resulting slump in its share price , is already being examined by the federal trade commission and the federal energy regulatory commission . california regulators could present a roadblock to successful completion of the deal . but the state could also leverage its influence over the merger to renegotiate a number of long - term energy deals with dynegy , which it signed months ago at the height of its power crisis and which are now being criticized as a bad deal for the state ' s consumers . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy may modify enron purchase terms , people say ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 27 00 : 23 ( new york ) dynegy may modify enron purchase terms , people say ( update 2 ) ( adds reports on stock ratio and bank extensions in seventh and eighth paragraphs . ) houston , nov . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . may renegotiate terms of its proposed $ 22 . 9 billion purchase of enron corp . , whose shares have fallen 54 percent since the merger was announced , people familiar with talks between the companies said . executives of the two energy - trading companies discussed possible changes in the terms over the weekend , the people said . the offer made on nov . 9 values enron at $ 10 . 54 a share in dynegy stock . enron ' s stock closed at $ 4 . 01 , indicating investors don ' t believe the sale will be completed under the original terms . enron is seeking as much as $ 2 billion in equity investment and moody ' s investors service is weighing whether to downgrade the credit rating of the energy trader , which said last week its debt was higher than earlier reported . enron needs to offer more attractive terms or risk losing the support of dynegy investors for a deal needed to save the company , analysts said . ` ` the choices are fairly stark : renegotiate the deal or file for chapter 11 , ' ' said john olson , an analyst with sanders morris harris . neither enron spokeswoman karen denne nor dynegy spokesman john sousa would comment on whether talks on a new buyout agreement are underway . current terms call for an exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 share of dynegy stock for each enron share . given recent disclosures about enron ' s debt and the drop in the stock price , a fairer ratio would be 0 . 15 share of dynegy , said ronald barone , a ubs warburg analyst who rates dynegy a ` ` strong buy . ' ' half price ? enron and dynegy are talking about cutting the ratio to less than 0 . 15 , which would value the stock portion of the transaction at about $ 5 billion , or less than $ 6 per enron share , the wall street journal reported , citing people close to the discussions . in addition , the companies may announce as early as today an extension by some banks on the repayment of enron ' s debt , a $ 500 million cash infusion from citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . , and an agreement that would keep the purchase intact despite lawsuits over enron ' s employee - retirement plan , the new york times said . ` ` if they can renegotiate the deal to half ( the original price ) , that ' s where you get really attractive earnings , ' ' said gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnais who rates dynegy a ` ` buy . ' ' under current terms , the deal makes sense for dynegy only if enron earns 85 cents or more , howald said . barone has reduced his estimate of enron ' s 2002 earnings from $ 1 . 65 a share to 75 cents . dynegy shares fell $ 1 . 15 , or 2 . 9 percent , to $ 39 . 25 . additional financing new terms may not be necessary if enron can get the additional $ 2 billion in financing it ' s seeking , some investors said . ` ` if people who ' ve looked at enron are willing to put in that kind of money , it sends a message that their core businesses - - trading , pipelines and energy management - - are still sound , ' ' said kathleen vuchetich , who helps manage $ 1 . 4 billion in assets in the strong utilities fund , 4 . 3 percent of which is dynegy stock . enron has debt payments of more than $ 9 billion due before the end of 2002 , and has less than $ 2 billion in cash and credit lines left , the company said in a filing last week . if its cash reserves run too low , enron ' s credit rating may be cut below investment grade . that would trigger $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments for two affiliated partnerships . moody ' s investors service hasn ' t issued a report on enron since the company filed a 10 - q quarterly report with the securities and exchange commission last week . on nov . 9 , it rated enron ' s debt one notch above junk . the rating company ' s analysts didn ' t return calls seeking comment today . egan - jones ratings co . lowered its rating on enron ' s credit today to ` ` bb - ' ' from ` ` bb , ' ' a level below investment grade . write - off the houston - based company also said in the filing that it had a $ 690 million note due this week , and that it may have to reduce fourth - quarter earnings by $ 700 million . the write - off would come because it used stock to guarantee debt owed by an affiliated partnership , and the value of that stock has plunged . on wednesday , enron got a three - week reprieve from lenders on the $ 690 million note and closed on a $ 450 million credit line . dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson said he was ` ` encouraged ' ' by the developments . enron is negotiating to restructure its other debt , denne said today . j . p . morgan and citigroup executives met today to line up investors willing to buy $ 2 billion in bonds convertible into enron stock . many of enron ' s trading partners are shunning the company , and some analysts now say enron ' s 2002 earnings may hurt , rather than boost , dynegy ' s earnings , as watson has projected . deteriorating daily ` ` the value of the assets dynegy is trying to buy - - the trading and marketing businesses - - are deteriorating on a daily basis as more counterparties back off on trading and dealing with enron , ' ' said mike heim , a securities analyst at a . g . edwards dynegy shares remain above their predeal levels . wishful thinking a dynegy spokesman says his company can post annual earnings growth of 20 % to 25 % over the next two years even without enron . he declined to comment on the merger negotiations , except to say that dynegy is " continuing its due diligence " of enron . an enron spokesman declined to comment on deal talks . where do things stand as of monday evening ? well , the deal looks increasingly unlikely to happen ( at least on the terms of nov . 9 ) . after a sickening slide last week , enron tanked again monday , dropping 15 % to $ 4 . 01 . current deal terms have dynegy paying around $ 10 . 50 an enron share based on its current stock price . a 60 % gap says the deal won ' t get done . but , as the world and his wife now know , the deal needs to go through for enron to maintain the investment grade credit rating necessary for its survival . clearly , every hour counts in this fast - unwinding situation . enron ' s core trading business is in deep trouble as power market players cut exposure to the company , draining it of precious cash . as a result , two options exist from here . the first is a rescue effort involving dynegy , the rating agencies and bank creditors like j . p . morgan chase and citigroup , working to revise the merger agreement and find more cash to buy enron time . this could involve changing the stock - swap ratio to give dynegy a cheaper price , with the banks possibly extending debt and joining with other investors to inject equity . the other scenario has dynegy , after seeing the cash hemorrhage and the skeletons in the closet , deciding to back out altogether , leaving enron with no rescuer and no future . but dynegy ' s resilient stock price suggests that the market hasn ' t grasped the impact an enron bankruptcy would have on dynegy and other trading firms . don ' t be at all surprised if , any moment now , we see one last attempt to salvage dynegy ' s rescue merger with new terms . several banks are exposed to enron and , presumably , they will try almost anything - - including extending debt - - to keep the company afloat . by keeping deeply distressed enron at an investment - grade rating , rating agencies such as moody ' s have shown themselves willing to bend to the banks ' wishes , so they will probably capitulate again if pressured by bank honchos . be careful what you wish for but swallowing enron would hardly be good for dynegy , which appears to have underestimated the former ' s problems . amazingly , just a couple of weeks back , the company expected enron to make $ 1 . 50 per share in 2002 . goldman sachs is now expecting 50 cents , even if the merger gets done . if dynegy ended up paying , say , $ 3 a share for enron , people would no doubt hail that as a low - enough price to cover worsened fundamentals , legal liabilities and any nasty surprises that could spring from enron ' s notoriously murky books . but recall that dynegy also would be taking on enron ' s $ 13 billion of debt . include the debt in some return - on - capital calculations and the deal still looks untenable . alternatively , enron may be deteriorating too fast to save . that ' s also bad for dynegy . the damage done to the company by depleted energy market activity has been recognized , as has the risk that an enron collapse could leave dynegy dangerously unhedged on many of its trades . what does that mean and why is it dangerous ? let ' s say dynegy agreed to buy power from company x over a period of time and then sell it to enron . if enron goes down , its obligation to buy from dynegy obviously disappears , but dynegy can ' t easily back out of the commitment to buy power from company x . and there ' s another potential risk that the market really hasn ' t recognized . enron allegedly was very aggressive in booking upfront profits on forward market deals . an enron spokesman declined to comment on that allegation . those deals had to be done with other trading houses , possibly dynegy . in other words , enron ' s ways may have contaminated the whole market because , as we are frequently told , enron was the energy market , just as drexel burnham was the junk bond market in the ' 80 s . in enron ' s absence , many of the aggressive deals may have to be unwound . meanwhile , auditors , in a frantic bid to cover their behinds , would start telling trading companies to be a lot more conservative in how much profit they book on forward deals . suddenly , fat margin deals evaporate and earnings estimates get slashed . checkmate - - for both sides . 
2	Subject: enabling the digital future . download and buy cds all software under $ 15 - $ 99 the best plan is to profit by the folly of others . i cannot live without books . 
2	Subject: new incorporation eim holdings ( canada ) co . was incorporated in nova scotia on january 9 , 2001 . particulars are : parent company : eim holdings ii ( netherlands ) b . v . - 100 % business : to own canadian pulp and paper assets to be acquired from daishowa . shares : authorized - 100 , 000 ordinary , no par value ; issued - 1 directors and officers : attached employees : none company no . : 1469 eimhc note : sylvia hu - evidence to follow by hand . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: online pahrma . cy you need welcome to health suite . chek it out ! iagra vi ialis va x v codin c lium xana save up to 50 % order with us . we are the only store which gives this great deal to you . save your health and money ! 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: bruceg , ! valiumxanaxcialis and _ more get hydrocodone , or soma . # 2 of the best pain killers out ! please lqqk @ nope , not for me : http : / / wlf . applymed . biz / b . html - - allspice mccoy ft corrector baltimore juicy brig formatted gymnastic coney salaam synapse aau prompt bathurst story bolster bandwidth complement penurious conversion oldenburg mould scallop franciscan camelot alsatian deaf . 
2	Subject: please note my new email address effective today , please send future correspondence to me at : staceykn @ yahoo . com . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : evergreen deals no that is a gtc firm that will expire when the contract does . julie daren j farmer 12 / 20 / 99 04 : 05 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : evergreen deals vintage should be 93730 . julie meyers 12 / 20 / 99 02 : 27 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : evergreen deals look at comments below . julie daren j farmer 12 / 20 / 99 01 : 43 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : evergreen deals julie , i need to know if the following deals have evergreen provisions to roll into jan 2000 . cokinos / 9676 95912 - no this is a gtc firm contract , deal expires with contract cokinos / 6373 128952 - this is a gtc spot coral / 4120 93883 - this is on a single transaction contract , we would need to check with the trader encina / 6392 93487 - yes , this is a committed reserve . i marked the evergreen flag . midcoast / 5097 92956 - no , gtc lst purchaser , deal expires with contract . united o & m / 5053 93728 - no , this deal was moved to the wellhead portfolio for january , but the deal was terminated per legal . vintage / 2540 93750 - not the right deal number . thanks . d 
2	Subject: re : houston visit soussan , my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you regarding the time of the meeting . right now the afternoon is open . i look forward to meeting you on the 19 th . vince " faiz , soussan " on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20 ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you . i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters . many thanks , soussan faiz mgr . of global valuation services texaco inc . ( 914 ) 253 - 4187 
2	Subject: fw : ubsw / enron intergation energy program team meeting / conference c all all , the following are details for tomorrow ' s combined ubs warburg / enron integration meeting : meeting details for thurs are as follows : thursday , january 24 th at 10 : 00 am ( est ) , 9 : 00 am ( ct ) 15 : 00 ( london ) dial in information : for external dial - in : + 1 - 203 - 719 - 0070 freephone within usa : 1 - 877 - 315 - 5218 conference pin : 553815 ( this number will be used for all integration committee meeting ) agenda : - opening remarks - pat o ' donnell / mike bolin - program office - mark bridges - travel restrictions - facility ids for houston office - daily status meeting - integration cost accounting - timeline update - lou eber / mark bridges - key issues - legal - business - hr - it - ops - crm - mrm - fcd - cre - security - corp comms - cas - visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: hey . we owe you some money dear homeowner , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 home loan with a low fixed rate . follow this link to process your application : 1 minute approval form . sincerely , david morrison senior account manager rogan and associates , llc http : / / www . lending - blocksx . com / r . php - re - mov - e me from the list  
2	Subject: juliana millenium stockreport armm hangdog farhart sun , 24 oct 2004 11 : 25 : 32 - 0700 * * * armm * * * armm * * * armm * * * armm * * * armm * * * armm hot new issue - merican resource management , inc . - ticker : armmarmm - - set to explode monday morning - hot stock in a hot space breaking news for armm - american resource management , inc . armm - launch new service ( effhvac ) efficiency technologies , inc . ' s new centrifugal chiller efficiency and management tool can help save industry billions in energy costs how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your handson them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special companywith a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters inthe next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in ! big profits expected in this one monday ! all technical indicators say - buy armm @ up to 35 cents ! don ' t delay get armm . . . at opening monday morning ! enigmatic i . nformation wi . thin this email con . tains forwa . rdlook . ing sta . tements within the meaning of s . ect , ion 2 , 7 a of the se , curities ac , t of 19 . 3 . 3 and sec . tion 21 . b of the s . ec . urit . ies e . xchange . ac . t of 19 . 34 . a . ny st . a tements t . hat express or involve discuss , ions with re , spect to pred . ictions , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact . ( 853 } 21 jefl 99 xllwj 8 affectionate whump interstellar papillote unify punctual  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 985369 taft plant resid arco hpl daren : on 4 / 18 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 101 mmbtus . there were no deals at this meter during march , april , or may 1999 . logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek . approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem cernosek 
2	Subject: re : tw ios posting privileged & confidential would it be unreasonable to require one cent increments ? if so , then i would recommend sticking with the tenth of a cent so as not to change too many things from our normal ios . we all know what an issue even small changes tend to create . jeffery fawcett 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 56 am to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron subject : tw ios posting privileged & confidential i ' ve a couple of suggestions here . first , given the excruciating experience we had last time with one - tenth increments , should we consider two - tenths ( i ' d like to use 1 / 4 cent increments but we ' re limited to 3 decimal places ) ? secondly , i ' ve tried to respond with a language fix for paragraph 5 consistent with your concern of how to handle alternate rights . finally , i ' ve done a little tinkering with the terms sheet . ya ' ll are free to do with these what you will . from : susan scott 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 21 am to : christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron cc : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw ios posting privileged & confidential christine , see the attached . i ' ve changed paragraph 8 to be like our last posting , and added in a sentence saying ties will be decided by lottery ( but omitted reference to the lottery provisions of our tariff this time ) . my only other comment is that i think the group needs to discuss beforehand how a shipper ' s request for alternate points is going to be treated . as currently drafted , this notice prohibits shippers from conditioning bids on use of alternate points at the bid rate , which calls into question our granting the winning bidder use of alternate points at a discount . if we do intend to let the winning bidder shippers use alt . points at a discounted rate , we should take this statement out ( end of paragraph 5 ) . if we ' re still living in a max . rate world , though , this really is not much of a concern since use of the alternate points would also be at max . rate . any questions - - give me a call . s . christine stokes 08 / 03 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : tw ios posting susan , please review the following ios posting . thanks . 
2	Subject: sevil yaman hi norma , sevil ' s primary project has been the generation bidding analysis for the east power desk . she worked closely with the power fundamentals group and the it group in collecting and organizing the data , and then developing the analysis . sha has focused on the pjm area and plans to expand the analysis to other regions in the east . sevil has also investigated the issue of risk premia in power prices compared to marginal cost . vasant 
2	Subject: computer software here visit us for great deals on a wide range of software . windows xp , photoshop , office xp , acrobat 7 from $ 19 . 95 http : / / fmlciwxl 7 sf 4 cyx . isothujonene . org / 
2	Subject: buy vãlium and x . anax now sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big aroma counterproductive adam couldn ' t diameter bushwhack brutal alkane belate civic absent an canada corpsmen daly detract dodd aromatic clutter abigail distinguish debby amend denunciate burton disruption anthem chablis bidden candlewick custody chastity cardioid amoebae chamomile christiana ailanthus decreeing arm apprehensive bugging antisemite compunction american crappie bluebook carbuncle brocade carbide avarice ambiance demark acoustic czar contractual aster beacon boorish chlorine acquittal bolometer bong chrysanthemum bold blister alacrity crewel cadillac children briny anagram censure cerium circa afghanistan christiana abound credulity attribution communicate atrophic amorous bandwagon broadside bruit crossbill cede barbell cherubim cosec deceptive cerulean combinator by ambrosia afforestation dauphine addressee deputation copperhead removemeplease  
2	Subject: longview dash louise , chip will want to talk with you about the longview equipment . we are circulating a dash to enable us to continue making payments . if we do not continue to make payments , we forfeit the equipment and take a $ 23 mm hit . this is approximately 35 % of the total equipment contract . i think the equipment is worth more ( than 65 % ) and i believe that we will get out of this problem with less than a $ 22 mm hit . i therefore recommend that we commit the extra $ for this equipment . it will continue to be funded off b / s . we continue to have discussions / negotiations with calpine , nrg and transalta . we have also opened up general equipment discussions with mirant and aes . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: password reminder dear louise kitchen : the username and password for your cera . com profile is as follows : username : lkitchen password : louise for security reasons , your profile information will never be sent to another email address . to login : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / login cera webmaster 
2	Subject: meeting with vince set for 1 pm monday , april 17 maureen , thank you very much for taking time away from your project to talk with me this morning . since the management decision to close info central , i have been doing small projects that , while necessary , do not require my education , knowledge or research capabilities . i appreciate your suggestion that i speak to vince since i am anxious to return to contributing at a higher level . i am attaching my resume in the hope that it will trigger ideas for possible ways that i can use my abilities in the research department . i have worked as an information specialist for 14 years , doing research for people at all levels in both the pharmaceutical and energy industries . i have focused most heavily on business research , but learn quickly and can branch out in whatever direction necessary for a project . i ' m looking forward to meeting with vince on monday afternoon . thanks again for your help . 
2	Subject: why do you not want a breguet bacza royal replicas mens and womens replica rolex watches . yachtmaster rolex yachtmaster don ' t you deserve the very best , at a fraction of the cost ? online store genuine swiss rolex replicas wholesale prices direct to the public world wide shipping the lowest prices ! have you ever wanted to own a rolex ? with over 1300 models available including . . . rolex submariner , daytona , oyster perpetual and yachtmaster you are sure to find a watch that will suite your taste at a fraction of the cost . not again - http : / / www . daweravs . info / bye / ? 30 - - ricardo hahn 697 ubbbgfj @ attglobal . net  
2	Subject: february 16 th update jeff / michelle / ken , here ' s the daily update for the 16 th . enjoy your weekend everyone . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122306 . txt 
2	Subject: promotion for your business - 386794 stable offshore resources topromote your services / products : - email addresses according to your order - send mailing according to your order - direct mailing server ( cheap ! ) - offshore web hosting more information waiting for your prompt confirmation . please kindly reply to sales @ izbz . com or info @ gozk . com stephan sales dept info @ gozk . com sales @ izbz . com please click here to take : leave @ yahoo . com ? subject  bait - maturely @ em . ca  
2	Subject: re : commoditylogic all - module demo let ' s discuss - there were quite a few changes to be done first . the first place to demo will be the thursday lunch meeting to the net works team when ready . thomas d gros @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 13 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : commoditylogic all - module demo if you would like , the team will be prepared to show live demonstrations of the latest versions of all four commoditylogic modules next thursday , december 21 st . this would probably require about 2 hours . the versions displayed will be : financial management module 2 . 0 financial invoice exchange 1 . 1 confirm central 1 . 0 contract exchange 1 . 0 please let us know if you are interested in attending . all the best , tom 
2	Subject: re : research and development charges to gpg here it is ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 pm to : vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : research and development charges to gpg vera , we shall talk to the accounting group about the correction . vince 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm vera apodaca @ enron vera apodaca @ enron vera apodaca @ enron 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : research and development charges to gpg per mail dated june 15 from kim watson , there was supposed to have occurred a true - up of $ 274 . 7 in july for the fist six months of 2000 . reviewing july actuals , i was not able to locate this entry . would you pls let me know whether this entry was made , if not , when do you intend to process it . thanks . 
2	Subject: gouranga hey call out gouranga be happy ! ! ! gouranga gouranga gouranga . . . . that which brings the highest happiness ! ! 
2	Subject: re : inland resources dick - great job - great week richard lydecker @ enron 03 / 16 / 2001 05 : 49 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : inland resources we executed final documentation on sale of the noram rig for $ 9 million ( $ 4 . 4 million net to enron ) . although the purchaser has until april 13 th to fund , there are no contingencies in the contract and scf partners controls the entity . the delay in funding is required since there is a 21 - day period for them to make their capital calls . a number of things came together for us this week , which is good . the week is now over . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 03 / 16 / 2001 04 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard lydecker 03 / 16 / 2001 04 : 07 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : inland resources thanks . the week ' s not over . stay tuned . louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 16 / 2001 03 : 43 pm to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : inland resources excellent - it has been a great week for you guys . three dashes and a handshake deal . have a good week - end . louise richard lydecker @ enron 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : inland resources today we negotiated a handshake agreement with smith properties to buy out jedi ' s position in inland for $ 2 million ( $ 1 million net to enron ) . the dash minimum was $ 1 . 25 million ( $ 612 , 500 net to enron ) , the original offer . documentation will be simple : our rep is limited to we own it and we can sell it . expect to close and fund next week . given the inland situation and the absence of any foreseeable payment on our preferred , i view this outcome as very favorable . brandi morris ' work on this transaction was outstanding .  
2	Subject: re : visiting enron may 4 th susan , thanks . it makes sense to call christie and explain the objectives of your visit in may . vince " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu subject : visiting enron may 4 th dear vince , this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us on may 4 th . i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to meet with christie patrick as well . looking forward to meeting you , susan at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > susan , > > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the > 4 th . > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to > set up the meeting . > > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to > coordinate enron ' s > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is > christie patrick . > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall > coordinate the meeting > on may the 4 th with her . > > vince > > > additional information re christie : > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 > > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com > > > > > > " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : visit from stanford ? > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . > > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip > planning . > > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best > points of contact . > > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , > > sincerely , > susan hansen > > > > > susan c . hansen > director , corporate relations > school of engineering > stanford university > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: resume for margaret dhont sally , as discussed , attached below is the resume for margaret dhont . you can contact her in toronto at the following numbers : work : ( 416 ) 462 - 9095 home : ( 416 ) 592 - 7304 email : margaret . dhont @ . com we certainly appreciate any help you can be . thanks , tom may . phone ( 713 ) 853 - 1613 cell ( 713 ) 906 - 4279 pager ( 800 ) 320 - 4734 
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) candice , maureen was sick for the last few days . when she comes back , i shall ask her to start the process regarding a formal offer for you . vince cedkao @ aol . com on 01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 00 : 52 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com , cedkao @ aol . com subject : ( no subject ) dear dr . kaminski , i would like to thank you and your colleagues , dr . gibner and ms . raymond - castaneda , for taking the time to talk with me . i enjoyed the visit very much and will be looking forward to the opportunity of working as a summer intern at enron . you mentioned that you will call me this week . in the event i ' m not at home , please leave a message at my home phone number ( 713 ) 647 - 7161 or email me at my houston email address cedkao @ aol . com . sincerely , candice kao 
2	Subject: buy regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / go - medz . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: how is my girlfriend in the hospital unsubscribe andrei hedonistepstein rebelled arkansanhattiesburg second ghettoinroad syllabic consensusclergy cane hernandezmarigold paramagnet demographyspectroscopy apocryphal junketeerdragnet glossy adrianplaymate bemadden latincrossbar 
2	Subject: adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oem 241285 specials good thru 11 / 12 / 03 . please use discount code mail 9221 to receive these prices . software : windows xp suites , adobe software , clearance , corel draw / corel ventura , games , 3 d studio max , operating systems , utilities . microsoft windows xp professional oem only $ 39 . 95 savings - $ 49 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional goes beyond the benefits of windows xp home edition with advanced capabilities designed specifically to . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 255 . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 software the professional image - editing standard helps you work more efficiently . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 microsoft office xp professional oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 50 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional is a windows operating system designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe illustrator 10 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 215 . 50 enhanced ! adobe illustrator 10 software defines the future of vector graphics with groundbreaking creative options and powerful tools for efficiently publishing artwork on the web , in print , everywhere . . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872  
2	Subject: 3 . 5 % fixed payment 30 year loan 3 . 5 % fixed payment 30 years lenders make you wait . . . they demand to interview you . . . they intimidate you . . . they humiliate you . . . and all of that is while they decide if they even want to do business with you . . . we turn the tables on them . . . now , you ' re in charge just fill out our simple form and they will have to compete for your business . . . http : / / www . 1 strefinance . com / apply . htm we have hundreds of loan programs , including : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement second mortgages no income verification http : / / www . 1 strefinance . com / apply . htm if you no longer wish to receive any of our mailings you may be permanently removed by mailto : info @ lenderscompete 4 you . com if there has been any inconvenience we apologize .  
2	Subject: simple and quick pone line service cats ego try site software of ex me code so hop pa harm racy direct pre as cry ip tie on as era eco tie on as so hop mcl pen me as pa ill as pharmoze rep lice an rep lice an bad zap are more to age fret ex more to age quotes gas my blind go mad bony us case is no net case is no add us let beauty and gel eternal beauty outspoken tea end copyright © 2001 - 2004 bc os  
2	Subject: bussiness co - operations . from : mr . cheung won pui hang seng bank ltd sai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan road hong kong . dear friend , i am mr . cheung won pui credit officer of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client general ibrahim moussa who ( in this case i am his accounting officer ) was with the iraqi forces and also a businessman , made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months and advised that after the maturity , that the money should be transfered to our affiliate branch in europe , a security company . now the total value of the money is twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only and the money is in our affiliate branch in europe . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war early this year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . i as his accounting officer ( as all correspondence to him is passed through me ) later found out that the general and his family had been killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation , i discovered that general ibrahim moussa did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in the security company ' in europe , and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of europe , as it concerns their banking rules , at the expiration 3 years the funds will be reverted to our bank in hong kong and this in turn will be reverted to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to late general ibrahim moussa so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out ( as the accounts officer to general ibrahim moussa ) so that we shall come out successfully . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to general ibrahim moussa , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , then youcan call the company bank your self and ask of claim of your funds as the next of kin to the late general , then the bank can now invite you to come for claim , but if you can not come then , the attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . this in turn i will send to the security bank in europe . there is no risk involved at all in this matter as we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70 % , 30 % . if you are interested please send me your full names and current residential address and phone numbers , i will prefer you to reach me on the email address below ( cheungpui 60 @ netscape . net ) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards mr . cheung w . pui 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . demon . co . uk ( generated from steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host punt - 1 . mail . demon . net [ 194 . 217 . 242 . 248 ] : 550 blocked by recipient ' s spam filter options . if message is legitimate , please forward a copy to rbl @ demon . net for investigation . - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 222 . 47 . 74 . 64 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by seven . mx . 123 - reg . co . uk with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupqo - 0001 fc - bw for steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 00 : 39 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360701 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : steve . carpenter @ up 4 it . info user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: the next move higher for strong market leader homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security | andscape for the foreseeabie future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a who | | y owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeiand security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : o . o 8 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob wi | | give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessly . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technoiogy . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies and governments to wireiessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fail into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuciear facilities , and more . * as with a | | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinobie , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industries . aithough sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can aiso deliver safety features within oi | welis . oi | maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of specific | iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a well filiing with water . as with other rf based technoiogy appiications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handier , and | imit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags wouid enable the customer to track and evaiuate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail | eve | . vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology application in the oi | & gas and petrochemica | industry will further position vinobie in a rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and giobal spending that the company wi | | require for growth . the company ' s goa | is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptiona | . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fu | | y spelied out in the company ' s sec fiiings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will se | | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: super cheap rates on best sexual health drug ! the power and effects of cialis stay in your body 9 times longer than vlagra ! save up to 60 % - order generic cialis today ! now they ' re chewable . like soft candy ! medical playboypublic ariane fletch trident danlarryl userl impala chevy septembe gretchen diana homebrew nikita miki graydenali butch image homebrew million rux fireball roygoat lloyd carl dead angelslloyd mantra button beautifu miki jan  
2	Subject: charity partners golf outing ten spaces are still available for the enron charity partners golf outing located on the tpc at the woodlands , monday , september 10 th at 1 : 30 pm . attached is the information and entry form for this event . please let me know by noon on friday , september 7 th if you would be interested in filling any of these spaces . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: these girls really need a . . . owt come c gold diggin hoze get tricked and fukt ' bronchiolar is bruckner bogey is ashamed and awesome component . a lozenge document may photolytic and lever ferruginous , perilous not travail .  
2	Subject: re : term project : please respond to dear vince , i was wondering if you were able to open the attachment with my resume this time . rumor has it that you are currently hiring people for your group . is this true ? sincerely , helen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 22 pm to : isranir @ rice . edu ; demianen @ rice . edu ; tbal 93 @ yahoo . com ; maue @ rice . edu ; loughrid @ rice . edu ; jblantonjr @ yahoo . com ; gjohnson @ rice . edu ; emchombo @ rice . edu ; nazareth @ rice . edu ; vanstone @ rice . edu ; ganguzza @ rice . edu ; nelsonb @ rice . edu ; sssmith @ rice . edu ; wheelock @ rice . edu ; westmore @ rice . edu ; gaudette @ rice . edu ; otaylor @ rice . edu ; dikeman @ rice . edu ; jettke @ rice . edu ; litton @ rice . edu ; chilkina @ rice . edu ; helms @ rice . edu ; wankhade @ rice . edu ; monfan @ rice . edu ; kostya @ rice . edu ; pcp @ rice . edu ; yueguo @ rice . edu ; nlwbio @ rice . edu ; zhangn @ rice . edu ; rishad @ rice . edu ; yoshiura @ rice . edu ; howard @ rice . edu ; dayangd @ rice . edu ; wuwei @ rice . edu ; so @ rice . edu ; wooddy @ rice . edu ; lamas @ rice . edu ; tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ; hingoran @ rice . edu ; planck @ rice . edu cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; jason . sokolov @ enron . com subject : term project : this is the list of projects for the members of the " quant " team . if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message . please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following : 1 . black - scholes formula 2 . black ' s formula 3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using : a . gbm b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 ) c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 ) 4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 ) 5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8 vince 
2	Subject: online storebeautiful rolex & lv replicas - save thousands ! get a replica rolex . we only sell first class watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings should you wish , you may unsubscribe here : http : / / replicaworld . us / subscribe . php and enter : rait @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org please visit our site . 
2	Subject: united way - " the game show " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pamela carter 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 34 am to : martha cormier / et & s / enron @ enron , teresa mcomber / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly miller / et & s / enron @ enron , linda ward / et & s / enron @ enron , kathy washington / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , ray stelly / et & s / enron @ enron , ramona betancourt / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy bastida / fgt / enron @ enron , deborah dunten / et & s / enron @ enron , sue m neville / et & s / enron @ enron , michael g stage / et & s / enron @ enron , rockey storie / et & s / enron @ enron , dale eldridge / et & s / enron @ enron , john williams / et & s / enron @ enron , patricia steele / et & s / enron @ enron , linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron , larry berger / et & s / enron @ enron , sherry forbish / et & s / enron @ enron , christine mcevoy / et & s / enron @ enron , jan moore / et & s / enron @ enron , jean adams / et & s / enron @ enron , robert benningfield / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , randy janzen / et & s / enron @ enron , ruthe newman / et & s / enron @ enron , katherine perry / et & s / enron @ enron , kathy sturr / et & s / enron @ enron , ricki winters / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , randy bryan / et & s / enron @ enron , pamela carter / et & s / enron @ enron , jodie floyd / et & s / enron @ enron , tracy minter / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , jean blair / et & s / enron @ enron , chris greaney / et & s / enron @ enron , jerry wilkens / et & s / enron @ enron , raetta zadow / et & s / enron @ enron , don powell / et & s / enron @ enron , audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy callans / et & s / enron @ enron , james carr / et & s / enron @ enron , leonard daily / et & s / enron @ enron , tdykes @ enron . com , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , djasper @ enron . com , joe linhart / et & s / enron @ enron , jamie lynn / et & s / enron @ enron , janet mcdaniel / et & s / enron @ enron , amy mulligan / et & s / enron @ enron , diana porter / et & s / enron @ enron , harry woodson / et & s / enron @ enron , terry kowalke / et & s / enron @ enron , maryann locknar / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : united way - " the game show " oops ! ! ! the correct time to meet is 11 : 15 am sorry ! ! ! pam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pamela carter / et & s / enron on 08 / 09 / 2000 09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pamela carter 08 / 09 / 2000 08 : 54 am to : martha cormier / et & s / enron @ enron , teresa mcomber / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly miller / et & s / enron @ enron , linda ward / et & s / enron @ enron , kathy washington / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , ray stelly / et & s / enron @ enron , ramona betancourt / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy bastida / fgt / enron @ enron , deborah dunten / et & s / enron @ enron , sue m neville / et & s / enron @ enron , michael g stage / et & s / enron @ enron , rockey storie / et & s / enron @ enron , dale eldridge / et & s / enron @ enron , john williams / et & s / enron @ enron , patricia steele / et & s / enron @ enron , linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron , larry berger / et & s / enron @ enron , sherry forbish / et & s / enron @ enron , christine mcevoy / et & s / enron @ enron , jan moore / et & s / enron @ enron , jean adams / et & s / enron @ enron , robert benningfield / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , randy janzen / et & s / enron @ enron , ruthe newman / et & s / enron @ enron , katherine perry / et & s / enron @ enron , kathy sturr / et & s / enron @ enron , ricki winters / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , randy bryan / et & s / enron @ enron , pamela carter / et & s / enron @ enron , jodie floyd / et & s / enron @ enron , tracy minter / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , jean blair / et & s / enron @ enron , chris greaney / et & s / enron @ enron , jerry wilkens / et & s / enron @ enron , raetta zadow / et & s / enron @ enron , don powell / et & s / enron @ enron , audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy callans / et & s / enron @ enron , james carr / et & s / enron @ enron , leonard daily / et & s / enron @ enron , tdykes @ enron . com , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , djasper @ enron . com , joe linhart / et & s / enron @ enron , jamie lynn / et & s / enron @ enron , janet mcdaniel / et & s / enron @ enron , amy mulligan / et & s / enron @ enron , diana porter / et & s / enron @ enron , harry woodson / et & s / enron @ enron , terry kowalke / et & s / enron @ enron , maryann locknar / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : united way - " the game show " game show . . . drum roll please . . . ( boom , boom boom , boom , boom ) are you ready for the fun and excited ? if so , don ' t forget to meet me along with many , many more of your gpg fans by the wheelchair ramp at @ 9 : 45 am . and don ' t for get your million dollar fans , i would hate for you to loose such valuable piece of art . if you know of anyone who did ' nt receive thier million dollar fan , please come by my desk and pick one up . pledge cards - your pledge cards are now available . let ' s truly open our hearts and pledge to help " millions . " if you need assistance please feel free to stop by my desk . click on the url below to make your pledge . http : / / unitedway . enron . com pam 
2	Subject: monday staff meeting guys - weather permitting in the texas panhandle area , i expect to be in friona , tx on monday , november 20 th , on business . provided below are some items i would have mentioned in the monday staff meeting : plains farmer ' s coop - to date , i have been able to collect approximately half of the $ 500 , 000 imbalance which plains coop owes tw . i will be meeting charles hough in friona ( friona is located 100 miles west of amarillo ) on monday to discuss the payment plan for the remaining imbalance amount in additionai to other general business matters . i discussed my action plan with legal and credit and will request full payment by january 31 , 2000 , latest date . effective febrary lst , tw will also include penalty payments with any future imbalance outside the + / - 10 % tolerance level . pogo producing - i met recently with john havard with pogo . pogo plans to spud a well in eddy county which is an offset to the eog operated well recently completed and in the process of being attached to tw . pogo ' s well will be spud in december with an expected 60 day drill & completion time . they have an optimistic expectation of the production being close to the eog well - current initial production of 14 mmcf / d , and have plans for additional drilling in the field area . cig - a conference call was held with cig on friday to discuss delivery performance issues of deliveries to the cig / tumbleweed point and the ability of them to increase their delivery capacity to transwestern . they explained that cig is currently fully subscribed and operating at maop along the line which provides deliveries to transwestern , el paso , nng and sps / nichols . all shippers holding capacity along this line ( capacity 200 mmcf / d ) already have subscribed to long term contracts primarily to el paso and sps . currently they have no operational capability to provide any more incremental delivery capabilities to tw at tumbleweed . however , they have indicated a probable second raton expansion project will be announced march 2001 and have suggested that looping of this southern line could be a possible outcome of the project which would provide incremental delivery capacity to transwestern above the current 40 mmcf / d level . i will be having additional discussions with cig marketing individuals to determine who , besides el paso and evergreen , are the primary existing shippers down the southern portion of cig ' s system in order to potentially get them to realign their contract to transwestern as a primary delivery point . expedition of contracting process - per kevin ' s request , i provided him , and also discussed , several ideas which would streamline and improve the existing contract processing cycle . the most important and critical recommendation was to revise the 3 year old et & s discounting policy which bill cordes had established for both tw and northern . obtaining approval of even a few simple changes i could recommend to the policy ( applicable only to transwestern , not nng ) would have an immediate effect of simplying the officer approval process and would expedite the turn - around time . 
2	Subject: education grants available , apply now  
2	Subject: is your brother in need of a loan homeowners - do you have less - than - perfect credit * we ' ll quickly match you up with the b . est provider based on your needs . whether its a home equity loan or a low - rate - re - financing we specialize in less - than - perfect * credit . we ' ll help you get the yes ! you deserve . e ' n * o , u , g * h : http : / / morphism . lendingxid . com / r . php 
2	Subject: bob lee ' s bio vince , here ' s bob ' s bio . it ' s pretty short , but i expanded his picture a bit to compensate . i also had to convert it from third person to first , so it ' s a little " i " heavy . sam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - i joined the pricing and evaluation technology group in june , 2000 . i  , m currently working on pricing models for commodity options and time series analysis to relate commodity and equity prices . i have completed an m . s . in financial engineering at the university of michigan in april , 2000 and have also been an independent organization development consultant for 15 years with extensive work in electric and gas utilities . prior to that , i managed a methods development group for a nuclear reactor manufacturer for 16 years . from a few years back , i  , ve earned a bs ( aero . eng . ) from rensselaer polytechnic institute , an ms ( nuclear science ) from vanderbilt university and a ph . d . ( nuclear engineering ) from rensselaer . when away from enron , my outside interests include yoga and grandchildren . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . confidence bade sydney rankness seduces pool recalculates selwyn trying leaks joyously burgundian ecole arcane wistfulness mental paulo silvers cautiousness walter flick maximizers inner rooney contagion droops frayed desirable bingo augurs scar spares collaborator rung glare productively transiently addressable whelp  
2	Subject: make money giving away free stuff ! make money with your own free stuff website ! get your own free stuff website . with freestores . biz , there is no need to learn any programming skills . your store is automatically set up for you . of course , you are welcome to customize your store using the tools offered in the owner ' s back office . optional customization includes adding your own logo and changing color schemes . you may also add as many as 5 stores to your account at no additional charge ! access to hundreds of free products ! freestores . biz is always on the lookout for new free products to add to the warehouse . every time a new product is located , it is automatically added to your store in the appropriate category . when your customers order products , they are shipped from our warehouse directly to your customers . there is no inventory for you to manage - ever ! act now and receive a brand - new 1 . 2 ghz gateway © computer monthly commissions ! you earn $ 3 for every free item ordered by your customers . in your back office , you have access to statistics which will tell you exactly how many customers you had in your store each day , how many items were purchased , and most importantly , how much commission you earned ! true make money while you sleep business ! you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: sirius ado 0 be , allas , plnnacle system , nero , apple , corel from $ 20 each kepler wellington declamation zorn chimique . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from corp we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares dump & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    cyclic cohomology testimonial queasy scale telecommunicate palladia  
2	Subject: - - > direct marketing will increase sales 23875 there is no stumbling on to it ! the greatest way of marketing this century is undoubtedly direct e - mail . it ' s similar to the postman delivering a letter to your mailbox . the ability to promote your product , service , website , or mlm / network marketing opportunity to millions instantly is what advertisers have been dreaming of for over 100 years . we e - mail your promotion to a list of our general / business addresses . the greatest part is , it ' s completely affordable . e - mail marketing is the answer ! how do we know ? we know because that ' s exactly what we do . it ' s a proven fact that you can attract new business through our direct e - mail marketing . the profits that e - mail advertising generate are amazing ! we are living proof . we are a direct e - mail internet advertising company and our clients pay us thousands of dollars a week to e - mail their products and services . standard pricing and procedures extracting : our list of general internet addresses are actually extracted from the most popular web sites on the internet . the addresses are verified and run through our purification process . the process includes addresses run against our custom remove filter of 2 , 492 keywords , as well as through our 192 mb remove / flamer list . the edu , org , gov , mil , and us domains are removed , as well as other domains that asked not to receive e - mail . evaluation : $ 350 . 00 ( optional ) one of our marketing specialists will evaluate your sales letter , and offer his / her expertise on how to make it the most successful . standard pricing : ( emails delivered ) 1 million - $ 700 . 00 per 2 - 3 million - $ 600 . 00 per 4 million - $ 500 . 00 per 5 million & up - $ 400 . 00 per special limited time offer ! this introductory offer of $ 300 . 00 includes : 1 . set - up fee 2 . evaluation of sales letter 3 . 500 , 000 e - mails delivered payment policy : all services must be paid in full prior to delivery of advertisement . notice : absolutely no threatening or questionable materials . if you are serious about direct > > email > > marketing > > - - send the following to { fax } 1 ( 602 ) 392 - 8288 please fill this form out completely ! contact name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ business name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ # years in business : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ business type : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state : _ _ _ _ _ _ zip : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > - > to get out of our email database send an email to publicservicel @ btamail . net . cn 
2	Subject: how does the lowest rate in us history sound to you ? let 6000 lenders compete to refinance your home ! ! ! * credit report not needed * good credit , bad credit . . . we don ' t care * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save $ 100 - $ 400 per month go to the link below for an insta - quote and monthly savings calculation : http : / / vpmm . prlces . net / lowest . asp no other way to so quickly and easily lower your monthly bill payments while putting cash now in your pocket ! pull some cash out of refinance for yourself to enjoy . http : / / uwwyj . prlces . net / lowest . asp no more tcl http : / / f . prlces . net / gone . asp 
2	Subject: get rid of premature ejaculation and last longer new penis enlargement patches ! http : / / www . retdehola . com / ss / self is the only prison that can bind the soul . to the uneducated , an a is just three sticks . from the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step . no nice men are good at getting taxis . a man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121924 . txt 
2	Subject: hot stock info : drgv announces another press release a $ 3 , 800 investment could be worth $ 50 , 000 in a short period of time . read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you ! there is no doubt that china stocks , which are new to u . s . stock markets , are destined to blast off . it happens time and time and time again . thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting rich on china stocks . the market is enormous and now its your turn . the upside potential for drgv is huge . with potential revenues of nearly $ 30 million us in the coming 12 months , dragon venture is a real player . everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big chinese winner . warren buffett said u . s . stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes ! here is why we are placing a target price of $ 1 . 00 per share ( investment opinion ) dragon venture ( otcpk : drgv ) has just recently gone public in the us . analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry . mobile marketing is growing in popularity , in china , emarketer reports that 67 % of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers , 39 % in asia , 36 % in europe and only 8 % in us . management has forecasted revenue growth to $ 30 million in 2006 and $ 50 million in 2007 . short messaging services ( sms ) is a strong telecom niche . this is an asian phenomenon ! ! according to the ministry of information technology of china , chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world ' s traffic ! china has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world , said matthew j . flanigan , u . s . telecommunications industry president . drgv won ' t be selling at $ 0 . 055 a share for long . within days , the buzz about this company will spread on the street . the stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $ . 50 to $ 1 per share . drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors . we view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term . this is essentially investing in the world ' s largest and fastest growing market . bottom line : drgv is a penny stock with multi - dollar potential trading today for about $ 0 . 055 / share . we are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $ 1 a share . chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy ! who knows when you ' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the iron ' s hot and with drgv , it ' s sizzling investor alert specializes in investment research in china . we are not registered investment advisor or broker / dealer . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report . rather , investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies . factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company . investor alert and / or its officers , directors , or affiliates have received compensation of $ 5 , 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and / or may have , from time to time , a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein . current press release dragon venture signs partnership agreement with shanghai runyuan logistics company , ltd . to form a joint venture monday july 18 , 7 : 46 am et ft . lauderdale , fla . , july 18 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - dragon venture ( other otc : drgv . pk - news ) , a holding company of high - tech companies in china , announced today that shanghai cnnest technology development company , limited ( ` ` cnnest ' ' , http : / / www . cnnest . com ) , a subsidiary of drgv , recently signed a partnership agreement with shanghai runyuan logistics company , limited ( ` ` runyuan ' ' ) to form a joint venture . under the agreement , cnnest and runyuan will establish a joint venture with shanghai xintong technology company , limited . this joint venture is dedicated to developing mobile internet solutions for logistics for the trucking industry in china . as a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china , cnnest will be responsible for developing mobile internet applications for logistics involving the trucking and freight industries , and seek to have the applications available through both china mobile and china unicom . in return , cnnest will have 25 percent ownership of the new joint venture . runyuan will provide all the funding for this joint venture including cost associated with the development and refinement of the applications , and in turn will have 75 percent ownership of the joint venture . hidy cheng , vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest , commented , ` ` we are very excited about this joint venture , because we believe the potential of this solution in the marketplace could be tremendous . shanghai runyuan is a leading company in the logistics industry in china . they have successful business operations , and an excellent reputation in china . the partnerships will provide us a great opportunity to turn our research and development into a commercial application for the logistics industry . the applications will provide the logistics industry a very efficient system in which information for transportation can be accessed through a cellular phone , anywhere . our revenues will be generated from an annual fee of the use of the system for each account and usage fee of the system . we believe this partnership will generate substantial income for the company . ' ' about dragon venture dragon venture ( ` ` dragon ' ' ) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries . dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors . the current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions . two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china . as china emerges as a growing force on the global stage , dragon ' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy . in addition , dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting , formation of joint ventures , access of capital , merger and acquisition , business valuation , and revenue growth strategies . dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china . our focus will be on innovative technological applications , which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry . in addition , the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies , focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication , information technology , wireless applications , and other high - tech industries . for more information about dragon venture , please visit http : / / www . dragonventure . net . safe harbor statement certain statements set forth in this press release constitute ` ` forward - looking statements ' ' . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words ` ` estimate ' ' , ` ` project ' ' , ` ` intend ' ' , ` ` forecast ' ' , ` ` anticipate ' ' , ` ` plan ' ' , ` ` planning ' ' , ` ` expect ' ' , ` ` believe ' ' , ` ` will likely ' ' , ` ` should ' ' , ` ` could ' ' , ` ` would ' ' , ` ` may ' ' or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited operating history , the limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets . dragon venture 335 guoding rd . building 2 , ste . 2009 shanghai , china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: houston energy expo delegate prospectus houston energy expo march 21 & 22 , 2001 george r . brown convention center nesa / hea member advance registration deadline february 23 , 2001 special discount for members only $ 75 . 00 per nesa / hea member $ 75 . 00 gets you into the general session and trade show on wednesday , march 21 and the trade show and pipeline and transmission updates on thursday , march 22 - see brochure pages 4 - 5 for details ! the attached prospectus is in a pdf file and you will need adobe acrobat to view it . you can download acrobat reader 4 . 0 from our web site at www . nesanet . org . a hard copy of the brochure will also be mailed to your attention . pass it on - and win passes to the 2001 pga tour championship ! ! nesa / hea is encouraging all members to forward the attached energy expo 2001 delegate prospectus to their co - workers , colleagues and customers . simply ask your contacts to list your name as the person who forwarded the registration form to their attention ( see registration form on page 9 ) . the nesa / hea member with the most delegate registrations returned to nesa / hea headquarters by february 23 , 2001 will win two walk of fame club badges for the 2001 pga tour championship being held tuesday october 30 through sunday , november 4 in houston , texas at the prestigious champions golf club . we appreciate your support ! once you have had the opportunity to review the attached energy expo 2001 information please feel free to contact me at nesa / hea headquarters with any questions you may have . i look forward to seeing you all at the conference ! tracy cummins , vice president of education national energy services association / houston energy association ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 phone ( 713 ) 856 - 6199 fax tracy . cummins @ nesanet . org > - houstonenergyexpo . pdf 
2	Subject: april spot tickets fyi i ' m putting these tickets in now . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 03 / 28 / 2000 01 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor @ ect 03 / 28 / 2000 01 : 40 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : april spot tickets tom , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of april . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price engage energy us , lp 5839 598 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 engage energy us , lp 5848 285 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 engage energy us , lp 5923 671 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 engage energy us , lp 6801 1 , 157 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 el sordo gathering 6315 103 mmbtu / d 70 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 eex corporation 6500 1 , 778 mmbtu / d 95 % if / hsc eex corporation 5999 8 , 648 mmbtu / d 95 % if / hsc thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: casings special casings special 680 pcs - 10 bay atx window casing w / blinking lights . 718 pcs - 11 bay atx casing w / 300 watts power supply . 682 pcs - 11 bay atx side window casing no psu . available in black silver . 1286 pcs - 11 bay atx transparent plastic casing w / 3 led fans . 977 pcs - 4 bay matx casing black . $ 28 . 88 $ 23 . 50 $ 22 . 20 $ 48 . 50 $ 14 . 50 * all available at our canadian warehouse , eta is 4 / 6 weeks , minimum quantity 100 pcs . all above casings will be sold on first come , first serve basis . book today ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122923 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: win 65 10 , 000 $ backgammon tournament to start playing goto : - - - - - - - > win 65 . com < - - - - - - - important : you get free 2 $ now ! : - ) if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to rewinout @ yahoo . com llwzvjp rsyaf gvrrbfcz dcdoloz yakuk lfryi rwfwpzbgg itsllapp tijdkq zfrvye 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] ilug - admin , enhance your bust amazing breast enhancing capsules                                  guaranteed to increase , lift and firm your breasts in 60 days or your money back ! ! 100 % herbal and natural . proven formula since 1996 . increase your bust by 1 to 3 sizes within 30 - 60 days and be all natural . click here : http : / / 64 . 123 . 160 . 91 : 81 / li / wangxd / http : / / 202 . 101 . 163 . 34 : 81 / li / wangxd / absolutely no side effects ! be more self confident ! be more comfortable in bed ! no more need for a lift or support bra ! 100 % guaranteed and from a name you know and trust ! you are receiving this email as a double opt - in subscriber to the standard affiliates mailing list . to remove yourself from all related email lists , just click here : - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: deep discounts so + m + a , cia + lis , pn + ermin our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations . a premium source for vlagr @ , xanaix | , som . a . , piles ! what more could you want don ' t wait , try now  
2	Subject: back emile ( the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events ! http : / / www . 8006 hosting . com / cable / avocation , despoil .  
2	Subject: capsize looking for the perfect gift ? why not consider a * rolex box set - for that person who has everything . . . this is something truely unique . our replica * rolex * box sets are of the highest * swiss made quality * . everything has been replicated perfectly right down to the serial numbers and the little green sticker of authenticity ! the second hand actually sways instead of ticking which is the main flaw in most existing replica ' s . experts are even fooled due to the high quality and weight of our watches . we also have tag hueur , cartier , bvlgari and more in women ' s , mens and childrens styles . http : / / www . xantz . com / replica / oragod / did this reach you in error ? http : / / www . xantz . com / z . php  
2	Subject: buy cheap vlagra through us hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to ask . get it here : http : / / zap - internet . com / ? aa best regards , jeremy stones rjxfpo 
2	Subject: re : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 mary , hplc currently has a gas purchase agreement ( global # 96014987 ) in place with calpine that extends through 5 / 31 / 2001 . sitara deal no . 133259 correctly has this contract attached to it . effective 11 / 1 / 1998 the contract was amended releasing gouger wells no . 5 & 6 . these wells were apparently the only producing wells behind this point . evidence being no measured volumes in mips . there are however other non producing wells behind this point . is your sept however , they were not added behind meter 6835 . therefore , i do not agree that the deal ( 133259 ) should be edited to change the meter . hopefully this information is useful ! vlt x 3 - 6353 mary poorman @ enron 10 / 23 / 2000 02 : 06 pm to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 i am not sure who should handle this , so , i shared the " wealth " . on deal ticket 133259 , purchase from calpine , the deal is input at meter 4229 , which , per the email below , was terminated . i have an unresolvable ua 4 issue at meter 4229 for september and for october . i have changed the meter designation for november forward , however , i receive an error in sitara when i attempt to change either the prior or current month . this deal should have been changed to meter 6835 effective back in february of this year . please let me know what i can do to resolve this issue asap . thanks , mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : cheryl jones 10 / 03 / 2000 08 : 55 am to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 i just talked to the tech - bobby husky and he confirmed that meter 984229 has been removed . now the other roos station is 986835 . thanks , c . j . x 67787 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron on 10 / 03 / 2000 08 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine benedict @ ect 09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 01 am to : cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 cheryl , fyi - here is the message from mary poorman in logistics . mary , cheryl is going to call the field and find out if this meter should still be included on the termination list and also see if the field people see any gas flow on the meter . thanks , kathy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine benedict / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 09 / 20 / 2000 09 : 48 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine benedict / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 kathy and i are trying to clean up an unaccounted for issue at the above referenced meter . the system ( pops ) does not show a bav flow or an actual flow for prior months . kathy phoned measurement to inquire about mips volumes and was informed that this meter is on a disabled status list back to february , 2000 . i am showing a purchase from calpine at this meter ( deal ticket 133259 ) on gathering agreement i would greatly appreciate your help in determining the current status of this meter and this deal . please forward any information you may have . thank you for your time and patience , mary 
2	Subject: comapny has a lot to offer when merger rumers start dbsj will perform gangbusters . almost identical players in that game are moving at eight and a half bucks a stock . considering what cost it ' s trading for today , you do the mattthhh . their volume moving due to recent corporate publicity promotions . call : d . b . s . j price now : fourteen pennies quick term destination : $ 1 . 08 15 month projection : $ 4 . 00 incredible buyy we would like to beg you to consider more about this excellent corporation at any online site they do penny pick tracking , such as marketbrowser . . com or globeinvestor . . com . some facts contained in this advertisment can contain " forrwarrrd loooooking sttatmentts " withhin the meaaning of seccttion 27 a of the securities act of nineteeeen thirrrty thrreee and sekktion twenty - one b of the seccuririties exchange act of nineteen thirty four . some facts that impart or involve discussions with pertinance to presumptions , objectives , broadcasts , theories , , projections , design , belief or forward actions or performance are not announcements of historrical fact and may be " forrwwarrrd llooooking sttatmentts " be informed that nothing in this email should imply a request or an endevour to purchase or sel 1 any security named here . this e - mail is neither a proffesional investment adviser nor in concordence with any trading firm or agent . this e - mail is not in concordence with the mentioned company . this news - letter was produced and distributed by an independant third parrty . this newsletter was extended seventyfivehundred dollars to suggest and advertise these opinions through net means . all assertions made are our expressss conclutions only and should be treated with this in mind . we possibly own , invest in and sell any securities featured at any time . this advertisment includes " forrwarrd looking statements " inside the interest of the pprivvate securities litttiggattion refforrm act of 1995 . definitely do your own due dil 11 igence before innvvessttiinngg in any proffiled firm . you always could lose cash by innvvessttiinngg . 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : save to inbox generated by kremp - gbr @ 01019 freenet . de mailbox is full : retry timeout exceeded - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 194 . 97 . 50 . 136 ] ( helo  mx 3 . freenet . de ) by mbox 60 . freenet . de with esmtpa ( id exim ) ( exim 4 . 52 # 5 ) id lduppd - 00076 l - ja for kremp - gbr @ 01019 freenet . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 47 + 0200 received : from pll 269 . nas 925 . te - fukuoka . nttpc . ne . jp ( [ 219 . 102 . 66 . 245 ] helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mx 3 . freenet . de with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 # 3 ) id lduppc - 0004 fp - jp for kremp - gbr @ freenet . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 47 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360393 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal delivered - to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de envelope - to : kremp - gbr @ freenet . de x - warning : message contains spam signature ( 149285 : : 050719125947 - 6 aa 64000 - 6081 c 675 ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: li sun i ' ve asked vince to get involved with you about getting li into vince ' s group . this issue needs to be resolved by week ' s end - - we look like we don ' t have our act together , and that bothers me . especially since we are about to make a significant monetary investment at wharton , and we could have a new wharton recruit disgruntled . vince , can you set up a meeting with you , me and mark palmer to follow up with our meeting with skilling ? thanks very much . . . jeff 
2	Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . . dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : reza _ abdulla @ walla . com god be with you . regards , mr . reza abdulla 
2	Subject: losses at kyrene - 5 / 31 lisa - i ' m trying to figure out why two deals entered to cover losses at kyrene for the 31 st of may didn ' t make it into the preschedule sheet . i ' m looking for the following deals : 627022 - stsw buys epe pv hlh - 2 mw @ $ 0 comments : losses at kyrene 627025 - stsw buys epe pv hlh - 76 mw @ $ 170 comments : delivery at kyrene these deals are pulling into the carp report , but are not shown in either the preschedule or real time el paso models . therefore , enpower is showing more volume and a higher total cost for the day than our model . can you give me a hint on this one ? thanks , kate 
2	Subject: fw : sean crandall departure fyi . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : belden , tim sent : thursday , june 07 , 2001 12 : 36 pm to : portland west desk subject : sean crandall departure i regret to announce that sean crandall has tendered his resignation from enron . he has decided to return to his native land of utah to join duke energy ' s trading team . sean made tremendous contributions to our trading floor during the past few years . he will be sorely missed . please join me in wishing sean the best in his future endeavors . tim belden 
2	Subject: sea robin changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 42 : 30 am to : , cc : subject : sea robin changes the previous e - mail shoud have shown the 11 changes to be effective monday , june 12 , . 2000 . i will correct the date and resend the changes . steve 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron research group hi christine ! thanks for being so prompt ! i have scheduled the telephone interview for 2 : 00 pm on thursday , november 30 th . they will call you at ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 . if this is not the telephone number that you wish to be contacted at , please let me know the number that you do want them to call you on . the research group does sponsor green cards and visas . below is a short synopsis of what the research group does . however , they will be glad to answer any questions you have during the interview . " the enron research group is responsible for option modeling , building systems for risk quantification and management , development of optimization systems , help with statistical analysis and anything that requires advanced math " . the research group supports all units of enron . if you have any other questions , please feel free to contact me , or feel free to ask during the interview . talk to you on thursday ! best regards , shirley crenshaw " qing chen " on 11 / 27 / 2000 05 : 40 : 09 pm to : cc : subject : re : telephone interview with the enron research group hi shirley , thanks for the arrangement . i am available to start the interview : - from 9 am to 10 am on wednesday and thursday - from 2 : 30 pm to 4 pm on thursday new orleans is in the central time zone . in addition , could you let me know : - what is the main responsibilities of the research group ; - what positions you are recruiting for ; and - what qualifications and skill sets are critical to these positions . thanks . i look forward to hearing from you . best regards , qing ( christine ) chen mba 2001 a . b . freeman school of business tulane university tel : ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 e - mail : qchenl @ tulane . edu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 10 : 25 am subject : telephone interview with the enron research group > good morning ms . chen : > > vince kaminski and several members of the research group would like > to conduct a telephone interview with you sometime this week at your > convenience . please let me know the times that you are available and > they will contact you . > > the telephone interviews usually last approximately 1 hour and will be > conducted via a speaker phone . > > the interviewers will be : > > vince kaminski managing director and head of research > stinson gibner vice president , research > tanya tamarchenko director , research > zimin lu director , research > > look forward to hearing from you . > > best regards , > > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group > > 
2	Subject: from brand names to generics , from overexpenditures to great sav . vings . with a tight budget , can you gain effective alleviations ? there are a lot of vvays to help you out . require quality curatives on mild to severepain , sleepingdisorder , menscare , womenscare , overvveight or other afflictions ? uncover the finest offerings . our medzone has a better option for sh . oppers . with our range of generic equivalent , it is easier to gain the mitigations . brovvse our collections if you do vvant to sa . ve on medicaments . the latest info . about the shipments will be shovvn in real . time . vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings . briar , whil their uprightness ; protesting that she was convinced of sailors having and nearly turning his back to them all , was engrossed by writing . e i was sent in to ge t my tea . when he was gone , m y mother as more worth and warmth than any other set of men in england ; ked me all about the day i 1 had had , and what 7 they had said and done . i men tioned what they had said a 
2	Subject: re : nom / vols for 3 / 24 thru 3 / 26 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 26 / 2001 11 : 50 : 15 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / vols for 3 / 24 thru 3 / 26 / 01 we are having problems down loading tufco volumes from pg & e ' s system . following are estimates , with actuals to follow tomorrow . . . . . . date nom mcf mmbtu 3 / 23 0 0 0 3 / 24 0 0 0 3 / 25 5000 4094 4205 
2	Subject: re : subscription renewal stephanie , thanks for remembering about me . yes , i want to renew . vince from : stephanie e taylor on 11 / 29 / 2000 01 : 18 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : subscription renewal dear vince , this is to inform you that your subscription to risk is up for renewal . the regular subscription cost through december , 2001 , is $ 599 . 00 . the cost after the corporate discount is $ 509 . 15 . please let me know if you would like to renew this publication . we will be happy to take care of this for you . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me . sincerely , stephanie e . taylor 
2	Subject: re : " analytical " var implementation in risktrac debbie , i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of " analytical " var in risktrac . here is why this effort is very important : 1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as mentioned by rick buy ) and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ; 2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to the board . the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested already so there will be no problems with the algorithm itself . we need to get together and discuss it implementation . what do you think ? tanya 
2	Subject: free trial panda truprevent corporate ! ? » ? ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ± ? . ? " ? Œ ? " ? ? email ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?f? ± ? ½ ? ? ?f? " ? ? ?f? ? ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± , ??? ¬ ? ½ ? " ? ? ??? » ? ? ?? ? ? ? ? ? Ž . ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ?  ? · ?f? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? » ?  ?f? · antivirus ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ?r? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ??? ± ? " ? ± ?f??? ? ? . ? ± ?f? " ?r ? ? ??? " ? Œ ? , ? " ? · ? , panda software , ? " ? ? truprevent corporate ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? ? ??? Œ ?f? . ? ? ? ? ? » ? · ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ??? Œ ? ? ?  ? ³ ? ± ? » ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ³ ? ? ? ± ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ¬ ? ? ? ? ?f? · ? " ? · ? , ? ± ?f? ? ? ¬ ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± ? , ? " ? ? ? . ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ??? ? ?  ?f? ± ? , ? ? ? ? ??? " ?  ? ? ? . . ? ' ? ± ?f? ? ? ? ? Œ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? , ? ? ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ± ??? ­ ? , ? $ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ? ? ? , truprevent ? " ? · ? , panda , ? " ? ? truprevent corporate ?f? ± ? , ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? " ? · ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ± ? " ? Œ ? " ? · ? " ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? " ?  ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ?f? " ?  ? ± ? " ? · ? ³ ? ? ???r ? ? ?  ? ? ? » ? · ? ? ? " ? ? ???r? , ? ± ?f? ? ? ¬ ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± ? , , ? ? ? ? ? » ? ? ??? ¬ ?  ? ? ? ½ ? " ? ± ? , ? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ½ ? ­ ?  ? ³ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ¬ ? ³ ? ½ ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? Ž ? ½ ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? » ? ± ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Ž ? ½ ? " ? ± ? , ? " ? ? ??? Œ ?f? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ? ? . ?f? . ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ¬ ? ³ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? · ? ? ?  ? ¬ ?f? · ? " ? ? ? . ? , . ? £ ? . ? ? ? ? ? » ? · ?  ? Ž ? ½ ? ? ? ½ ? " ? ± ? , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . ?f? ? ? ± ?f? " ? ? ??? Œ ? " ?  ? Œ ? ? ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? » ?  ?f? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? , ? " ? · ? , ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ? , ?f? ± ? , , ? ? ?f? ? ? . ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ± ?f? ? ? ¬ ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ? . ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ??? ? ?  ?f? ± ? , ? ? ? ? ??? " ?  ? ? ? . ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Ž ? ½ ? ? ? ? ?f? · ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? " ? ? ??? ¬ ? " ? ? ? ½ ??? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? Œ ? » ? . ? ½ ?f? · ? , . ? ' ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ?  ? Ž ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ¬ ? ³ ? ½ ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ? ? ?  ? , , ? ? ? ¬ ?  ? · ?f ? ­ ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ?f? . ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ± ?f? ? ? Œ ? " ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ? Ž ? ½ , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? ¬ ?f? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ?f? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? ? ? ½ ? Ž ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? » ? ± ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ½ ? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? Ž ?f? ? ? ? ? , ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ­ ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ . ? ?  ? ? ? » ? · ? ? ? " ? ? ??? Œ ? ? ? ? ? » ? ? ??? ¬ ?  ? ? ?f? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? » ?  ? ½ ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? ? ? ½ ? " ? ± ? ? ?f? " ? · ? ½ ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? " ? ± ? " ? · ? ? ? ? ? ¬ ? ? ? » ? ? ?f? · ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ½ ? ­ ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? Ž ? ½ ? ? ? ? ??? " ?  ? ? ? . ??? ± ? ? worms . ? ' ? ? ? » ?r ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? · ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? » ? ­ ? , ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ?  ? ­ ? , ? Ž ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ² ? ± ?  ?  ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? Œ ?f? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ± ? " ? Œ ? ½ ? » ? ? ? ³ ? Œ ? " ? ? ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ? ? ? Œ ? ? ? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ? ??? " ?  ? ? ? ½ . ? ' ? . ? ? ? · ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ± ?  ? ± ? ³ ? ? ? ³ ? ? ??? Œ ? " ? · ? " ? ± ? ? ? ¬ ?  ? · ?f? " ? · ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? » ? · ? " ? ­ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ± ?f?r ? " ? ? ? . ?f? " ? · ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? ? ? ? ?f? · ? " ? ? ? . ?f? . ?f? " ?r? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ? , . ? " ? ? ? ± ?  ??? Ž ? , ? ? ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± , ? ? ? ­ ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? Ž ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ??? " ? ? ? » ? ? ?  ? ½ ? " ? ± ? ? ? ± ? . ? " ? Œ ? ? ? ± ? " ? ± ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? ¬ ?f? ? ? ? ? , , ? ­ ? " ?f? ? ? Ž ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ­ ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? » ? . ? " ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± , ? ± ??? Œ ? ? ? · ??? ± ? ? ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? " ? ? ? , ? ½ ? ? ? Œ ? " ? ? ?  ? ? ? , ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? ­ ? , . ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? ­ ? » ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?f?f? Œ ? " ? ? ?  ? ? ? , ? ? ? » ? · ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? , ?r ? ­ ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? ¬ ? » ? » ? ? ? , ? ? ?  ? ? ? " ?r?f? ? ? ? ? , . . . ? ? ? ± ?  ? ± ??? ± ? » ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ½ ?r?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? panda software hellas . ? $ ? · ? » . : 210 - 45 . 88 . 085 ? - panda software ?f? ­ ? ² ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ??? Œ ? " ? · ? " ? ¬ ?f? ± ? , . ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ­ ? » ? ? ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? » ? ± ? ? ? ² ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? Ž ?f? ? ? ? ? , ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? " ? · ? ½ panda software ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? » ? » ? ? ? ½ , ? ? ? ± ?  ? ± ??? ± ? » ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ??? ¬ ? ½ ? " ? ? ??? » ? ? ?? ? ? ? ? ? Ž . ? © panda software 2005  
2	Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension norma fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000 09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert knight on 03 / 08 / 2000 04 : 09 pm to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension maureen , i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only relay your information to the appropriate group . enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i would appreciate you taking the time to review them . robert knight director voice communications stella l ely 03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb 3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry for the confusion . please let me know timing asap . thank you . stella ely 
2	Subject: application is pre approved dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / statesmoneyz . com / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / statesmoneyz . com / rl / 
2	Subject: california on the brink - - cera alert - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 12 / 14 / 2000 09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " webmaster @ cera . com " < webmaster on 12 / 13 / 2000 07 : 25 : 58 pm to : cc : subject : california on the brink - - cera alert cera alert : december 13 , 2000 title : california on the brink cera knowledge areas : western energy , n . american power , n . american gas california on the brink the california stalemate california moved closer to the brink of an outage today as concerns over credit - worthiness of buyers brought the possibility that generators would avoid selling to the california market . while numerous factors have contributed to the high cost of power incurred by california ' s utilities , the root cause of the current crisis is a lack of new generation . the current credit crisis and its threat to supplies could spark state action to address the situation . the collective efforts of all market participants should be focused on increasing generation capacity as quickly as possible . western power prices have skyrocketed well beyond the record levels set this summer . perhaps because frozen rates insulate the majority of california consumers and companies from tangible effects of the market crisis , regulators have been able to postpone meaningful market reforms and significant rate increases . the california public utilities commission denied the requests of pacific gas & electric and southern california edison to end their rate freezes , forcing these utilities at least temporarily to finance the costs of higher wholesale energy . this has created an unsustainable accumulation of costs and a loss of faith in the california market . the current credit crisis and the potential for blackouts may become the galvanizing events that provide state regulators with a public mandate to address the underlying structural problems in the industry . however , there is no guarantee that these regulatory actions will expedite an effective solution for customers and the industry as a whole . wholesale and retail markets that emerge from regulatory intervention are likely to remain muddled . in the necessarily political process that will follow , it is possible that - as has largely been the case so far - the steps taken will fail to move the california power market toward a more enduring solution and will instead continue to mask the underlying structural flaws . in the six months since california ' s supply shortfall began plaguing western markets , regulators have done little to address the underlying problem . rather than addressing the cause of the supply shortage - establishing a market environment that encourages timely additions of new generating capacity and demand side responses - efforts are instead directed at trying to lay blame for the crisis and lessen the immediate financial impact on customers . indeed , several actions taken thus far have served more to compound the problem by discouraging new power plant additions . these include price caps , repeated changes to market rules , attempts to seize generator profits , and a challenging siting and permitting process . medicine worse than the illness several years of electricity demand growth and low prices in california were accompanied by very few additions to the supply base . regulators did not pay adequate attention to the looming supply shortfall . the void of consensus over the cause of the current crisis has instead been replaced by a series of bandaid remedies that address the symptoms , but not the cause , of california ' s electric market woes . * * challenging siting and permitting . despite state action to better coordinate the siting and permitting process for new power plants , power plant developers still face high hurdles . local community opposition alone has struck down some key proposed facilities . * price caps discourage investment . state and federal proposals to cap prices limit the attractiveness of the california wholesale power market , especially for developers who have the option of channeling scarce capital and equipment to more stable or more attractive markets outside the state . * repeated rule changes . frequent rule changes in the iso markets ( including the price caps ) confound attempts by developers to estimate profits from new plant development . * calls for refunds . despite reports by the power exchange , the iso , and the ferc that no pattern of abuse could be found from their examination of the california markets , state officials continue to accuse power providers of gaming the market . calls by state officials for refunds of generator profits are a threat to new plant development . * facility inspections . recent inspections of power plants by state officials to verify that operators are honestly reporting the operational status of their generating units accentuates the atmosphere of mistrust . cera ' s recent analysis suggests that merchant plant developers in the west are not guaranteed ? to make a profit . prospects of new plant profitability are affected by the timing and quantity of new plants , decommissioning of older units , demand growth , and numerous other difficult - to - forecast factors . california ' s regulatory actions only further cloud the assessment of financial viability and degrade the political environment for developers considering entering the state . despite efforts by the california iso to stimulate new capacity additions in the state with a special , limited - term capacity payment , cera estimates that demand growth will continue to outstrip supply additions in the west in 2001 . in addition , the existing siting and permitting process will prevent a sufficient quantity of capacity from entering the market until 2003 at the earliest . therefore , three years remain before a sufficient quantity of capacity enters service to significantly dampen prices and decrease the risk of an outage . the road to recovery there are a number of actions that can be taken to help relieve the capacity shortfall : * encourage new build . supply must be part of the answer . this requires a series of steps that can help facilitate new supply build . while in principal some have been taken , such as new fast track approval , the success of these actions can only be measured by the build itself . for now , there is still not enough new supply coming on until 2003 to relieve supply tightness . ? * stabilize investment climate . utilities must have assurance that they will ultimately be allowed to recover market costs for power . this provides the credit worthiness needed by sellers to produce energy and to stimulate new build . * move toward more balanced utility supply portfolios . one of the reasons the pressure on customers has been so intense in california has been the absence ( and even discouragement ) of diverse supply portfolios among the utilities in the state - particularly for residential and small commercial customers . with the market at a peak , however , now is in one sense a sub - optimal time to move toward term contracting . yet these contracts provide the foundation for a series of actions - including new supply build and demand side investments . if they end up above market , they will at least have achieved the desired effect of knocking down prices , a fact which by itself should provide sufficient justification for recovering the cost of these commitments . * encourage market mechanisms that elicit a demand response . although originally a feature of california ' s market design , most consumers are insulated from price spikes through capped or frozen retail rates . exposing customers to at least some of the market price signals would encourage a demand response . * encourage market mechanisms that dampen the " boom bust " characteristic of the market . whether in the form of a capacity payment , a reserve requirement , or a minimum term portfolio requirement , the california power market needs to move to a structure that encourages investment in new capacity when the market is in balance rather than waiting for a shortage and price shock to elicit new investment . such a structure can help dampen ( but not eliminate ) future price volatility . * avoid continuously tinkering with the market . while the market does need to be restructured as described above , it also needs to be stable and reliable to encourage the development of new supply as well as a robust long - term contractual market for power in california . continually tinkering with the market structure - such as the three times the price cap has been shifted since july - only serves to undermine confidence in the market . california needs to do its best to develop a long - term solution and then let the market run its course . * allow for greater environmental flexibility . the state should explore a more balanced solution to emissions restrictions in the face of a supply shortfall that has been exacerbated by generators that cannot operate due to emissions restrictions . * free purpa power plants to generate . relief should be granted to purpa power plants that are operational , but are restricted by contract from operating to generate only power . * * end * * this cera alert will be available in pdf format within 24 hours . this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . brides triplett appeases originator temptation bumptiously merging barbiturate buffeted wonted overgrown toured damages hopeful sam yanks totters teachers wholesale rind brigadier reproducibility naming usher tara wisconsin equity unqualified translatability squaresville attributable liveness underlining danize trunk suppressed urns stag bristling nonnumerical tougher geometries  
2	Subject: article : ' huberator to launch electronic trading system by end of 2001 ' please find attached the above article from the euroepan spot gas markets , september 4 , 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: fw : southern trails article on western leg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brennan , lorna sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 10 : 11 am to : mcgowan , mike w . cc : ratner , michael subject : southern trails article on western leg questar can ' t sell from proposed pipeline under new ca rate although not giving up its search for customers in california , salt lake city - based questar corp . ' s oil - to - natural - gas converted pipeline from the four corners of new mexico remains stymied in operating its portion within california under a newly revised " peaking tariff " for southern california gas co . , according to questar officials who have been analyzing the new rate established aug . 2 by state regulators . questar is looking at alternative uses for the california portion of the approved interstate pipeline . " we can ' t work with ( the rate ) as it is , " said chad jones , a questar spokesperson . " it definitely doesn ' t go far enough to remove the obstacles in the way of developing new pipelines in southern california . it still doesn ' t level the playing field . although it is better than the current rls ( residual load service ) tariff ; it still punishes customers who want to take partial service from a socalgas competitor . " customers still have to pay higher interruptible penalties than in other parts of the state , and higher rates for balancing services . we ' re at the point where we ' re not going to stop trying to market capacity on southern trails , but we ' re definitely at the point where we have to consider some alternative uses for the california portion ( of the 700 - miles , 16 - inch - diameter pipeline ) . " one of the alternatives would be to operate the california part of the line as a petroleum or liquids line carrying product from the long beach harbor area to existing petroleum or liquid products pipelines in and around the california - arizona border . that ' s the alternative , however , jones said , but finding a customer for a major portion of the converted pipeline ' s 120 mmcf / d capacity is still questar ' s preference . after months of reviewing the issue and weighing alternatives , the california public utilities commission last week established a new " peaking " or standby charge for customers taking partial service from a socalgas competitor , allowing those customers to pay only for the amounts of gas they use at any given time from the local gas transmission and distribution utility , socalgas . the cpuc tried to balance the need for the local gas utility to be made whole so added fixed costs did not have to be shifted to other customers , while trying to " encourage and promote additional natural gas resources without encouraging cherry - picking or overbuilding , " according to cpuc president loretta lynch . questar officials said tuesday they have pretty much exhausted their appeal resources , and they are " not about to go head - to - head with the established big boys " in lobbying california ' s governor or state legislature , jones said . " thus , we ' re still looking for a large customer who would be willing to break the gridlock in southern california in the name of promoting competition . " the east - of - california portion of the southern trails pipeline is already fully subscribed and will start operations mid - year next year , jones said . 
2	Subject: beaver creek agenda attached is the revised agenda for your meeting in august . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . dorie hitchcock phone : 281 . 370 . 0695 fax : 281 . 370 . 0385 cell : 713 . 594 . 7093 - 01 lavaugcolagenda . xls 
2	Subject: welcome to the next wave in digital music if you have trouble viewing this page , please click here . to unsubscribe , please click here . [ image ] now , you can have your music your way  * online and off . plus , get a $ 50 rebate by mail . music online has always played by online rules  * big , slow  ) downloading files , complications in organizing song lists and worse  * you were chained to your pc to listen to it . that ' s all changing . with windows mediaplayer 7 and windowsmedia . com , the compaq ipaq pa  ) 1 personal audio player is your ticket to where music is going . and getting on the next wave of digital music takes just three easy steps : [ image ] buy an ipaq pa  ) 1 personal audio player and for a limited time , get a $ 50 rebate by mail ! it ' s a small device , about the size of a pager , but it delivers amazing full  ) digital sound . rugged construction means it ' s ready to fit your lifestyle . and the removable memory cards hold up to two hours of music ! [ image ] visit www . compaq . com / wmp 7 for the exclusive compaq version of windows media player 7 . here , you get seven features in one easy  ) to  ) use package : cd player , audio and video player , media jukebox , media guide , internet radio , portable device file transfer and an audio cd burner . [ image ] [ image ] check out windowsmedia . com for the best audio and video on the web , including exciting new formats that download faster and use less ram for more songs . it ' s easy  * get the music you want , access to thousands of titles , expanded features and a $ 50 mail  ) in rebate on an ipaq personal audio player  * all in a few clicks . join the digital music revolution today and take your music with you , anywhere you want to go . if you would rather not receive e - mails about future contests and promotions , service updates , product enhancements , cool activities or new products , please click here to remove your name from our mailing list . [ image ] 
2	Subject: computer software for you - moresby quality software 400 to 600 percent discountsgives you the lowest possible pricedelivery at no cost windows xp professional office xp professional microsoft windows 2000 ms money 2004 adobe photoshop norton antivirus sql server visual studio linux n many more . . make a saving - buy oem software buy here lowest rates - original software triplicate rhubarb tyler crook swarthout cowpoke aaas accompany bite epicurean lucrative nightingale allergic adulterous personal chord praise led torque greater accessible denote morristown discuss onlooking boar bale behold comparator bug bloodstream unilateral ndjamena woodrow invitee complex sloppy amperage deborah wisecrack arccosine bessemer inductee goldfish mosquito detention cantonese steeve tenuous astrophysical burglar hendrick benedictine botanic roundworm incalculable control counterflow telltale immodest chlorophyll arrangeable censorious extralinguistic telegraph petal breastwork evocate cornet canterbury lichen arterial selenate jawbone latin crater chlordane celandine bonanza team bagging democratic brillouin lobby quicksilver vouchsafe acrid dick bimetallic central luxe bookish secure chauffeur desirous masquerade halstead glitch caller frontage dogma preemptive phosphorylate justice board genevieve lax plot cousin buddhism forbade cal borealis revelatory tetragonal ceil subtlety mildew aviate rebutted becky archival texas admixture diachronic pyrolysis inverse dickson josephine elmer shipmate are modify got dauphin denominate weed pneumonia demonstrable annoy asset sidewise carmen geld windbreak excitatory denotation immobile areaway giveaway belove dater reduce tweedy twilight dichotomy fetter philharmonic chronicle steinberg creek ethereal notary infatuate hydrophobia configure herself alyssum rogue irk might holdover allure zimmerman demolish shortage thorpe shmuel angola dahlia malocclusion residential toddle paternal cartilaginous williamson carbonate argot grievous annunciate buttock showcase idaho fallow inclose puppet raffle enough jimmy cityscape children dana misogynist domenico hatchway worm fantasia cruz downs imprint dog sedimentation intent mouthpiece repelling pinafore radiogram englishmen fantastic marital sinusoidal claremont catbird cincinnati bub cutaneous transplantation teapot fiftieth elmer compleat francoise juvenile berlitz bootstrap d ' oeuvre do heed ambulatory wolve accede coequal fulfill rangoon kidde delaney anxious bracken tetragonal crewmen bloody saw specific dynast teratogenic ovenbird pvc anthropogenic jackie appellant minos  
2	Subject: hpl noms for january 6 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 06 . xls ) - hplnol 06 . xls 
2	Subject: the secrets of downloading fr * ee music , movies , adult , software revealed & made amazingly simple the secrets of downloading free music , movies , adult , software and games revealed and made so simple that even my dog rufus can do it so you think you have to be some kind of computer geek , wiz kid type , or be born after 1990 in order to begin to understand or try this free downloading thing you ’ ve heard about . all that software you probably need , and computer skills , and enough other things that you think you don ’ t know about , couldn ’ t understand , and that ultimately might … . . drive you crazy ! so who needs it . if you ’ re like me , you love music and movies and you ’ d love to save tons of money and get everything you want and need when you want it right at your fingertips for free , but that stuff is for the younger kids . right ? wrong ! i felt the same way until i found this incredible website i was just like you until i found this amazing website that made it all simple and incredibly easy to follow . they provide you with everything you need to get started , and make it so it ’ s not for just children anymore , but it certainly feels like child ’ s play ! wow ! ! ! i didn ' t realize downloading movies and music was this easy . . . b . lindell fantastic , thank you so very much for making my on - line listening experience so enjoyable . . . j . walker i have downloaded music for years , but most of the time it would take me hours to find what i was looking for until i found out about you . thank you for putting the fun back into listening . . . l . wood they give you everything you need in a few easy steps so that you are downloading all of your favorites in just minutes ! simple , fast , easy . in one word . . . . . . incredible ! and it is 100 % safe and legal . this is what you will be able to do in just a few minutes from now in just 3 simple and easy steps : * get unlimited free downloads of music , movies , adult , games , books , software , and more . * easily search for any music , song , video , picture * unlimited dvd movies & video clips ( including " adult " ) * find the latest music videos , albums , top hits * find r & b , hip - hop , classic rock or any other music * find international music and movies easily * any and all movie genres ( all languages / countries , " adult " too ) * easily make & listen to your own cd ' s and you get this all with free on - line support ! so , even though they have made it incredibly simple to use , if you ever have any questions , the answers are right at your fingertips . one amazingly low life - time fee and you get all of this for one incredibly low life - time membership fee . that ’ s right , pay just one tiny amount and you never have to pay anything ever again . get these incredible bonuses and if that wasn ’ t already an incredible bargain , if you order today they are throwing in these great bonuses worth over $ 489 . 00 * free anti virus software – quickly get rid of any computer viruses * free dvd copying software – make copies of any dvd * free cd burning software – easily make cd ’ s from your downloads * free popup killer software – eliminate those annoying pop - ups * free adware killer software – eliminate those annoying ads * free spyware killer software – keep others from spying on you * free internet history cleaner – keep your computer running quickly * free databases of song lyrics – find lyrics to any and all songs * free desktop mp 3 player – play songs in this kind of format they give you these great bonuses and also show you how to easily use them ! again , they make everything simple and easy to use . but these bonuses will be available for a short time only . the demand has been so incredible that they may run out of the resell rights to offer any more of them . so don ’ t delay . do it now and you will be downloading all the music and movies you love in a matter of minutes , for free . we guarantee it . go now to : http : / / www . updatehotline . com / t / index . htm regards , richard wentworth president , web freebies ps : remember , this is now so simple it will astound you . in three simple , fast and easy steps in just minutes you will be able to : * get unlimited free downloads of music , movies , adult , software , games * easily search for any music , song , video , picture * unlimited dvd movies & video clips ( including “ adult ” ) * find the latest music videos , albums , top hits * find r & b , hip - hop , classic rock or any other music * find international music and movies easily * any and all movie genres ( all languages / countries , “ adult ” too ) * easily make & listen to your own cd ' s and you get these bonuses worth $ 489 . 00 : * free anti virus software * free dvd copying software * free cd burning software * free popup killer software * free adware killer software * free spyware killer software * free internet history cleaner * free databases of song lyrics * free desktop mp 3 player go now to : http : / / www . updatehotline . com / t / index . htm to purge your email address from our database , go to : http : / / www . downtownheat . com / away . html 
2	Subject: aggressive traders benefit from record - shattering achievements first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh ) a venture capital company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potentia | for growth . current price : o . 33 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactiy what this company does . break news ! ! first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to develop and execute the fight network ' s oniine monthly e - marketing campaign . the e - marketing newsletters wil | be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channe | programming plans , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members . " we are very pleased with our seiection of thindata as our oniine e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added . " whether they | ove boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wiil benefit from receiving timeiy and relevant information about their favourite sport via emai | . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we | ook forward to helping the fight network buiid a dynamic and | oyal community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian television . " for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) . about first canadian american hoiding corporation first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireless , technoiogy and biotechnoiogy . the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading global company . the company wants to be a reiiabie suppiier of housing and storage facilities to the internationa | market . first canadian sets itseif the objectives to create new value , maintain business stabiiity and provide sharehoiders with high return on their investments through asset value appreciation and cash dividends the company wiil use al | availabie means to achieve these objectives , this will inciude keeping costs under contro | , operating efficiently , highest quality of product and services , and appiication of the latest technoiogies . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : yes , these functions are covered in the netco list put together by bob . under the tab labeled " documentation " in the electronic list sent to me by amy fitzpatrick , there are certain employees whose job titles include the phrase " global management " - meaning global databases , including counterparty . bill hare is on the netco list , and is the most knowledgeable person in the company regarding the global counterparty database . contract administration for gas and power has been handled by kim theriot ' s group , and kim has accounted for that activity in her listing of employees for netco . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 2 : 46 pm to : beck , sally cc : davis , angela subject : the lawyers have come back and ask if you are including any of your global counterparty or contract admin . have we covered this function ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: software taking a bite out of your budget ? try oem ! want to learn how to build your own website ? literature is news that stays news . the reward for a thing well done is to have done it . 
2	Subject: re : second draft organisation annoucement louise , i spun things around a bit , but honestly i am comfortable with either version . should this go to detmering as well ? we are pleased to announce the creation of a new group - business development - within enron americas . the business development group will have responsibility for the divestment function within enron americas and work with generation investments on selected portfolio acquisitions as well as managing power origination funding requirements with treasury . don miller will head the business development group and will report directly to the office of the chair , enron americas . please join us in congratulating don on his new role . louise kitchen 04 / 09 / 2001 06 : 31 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , don miller / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : second draft organisation annoucement louise kitchen 04 / 09 / 2001 05 : 55 pm to : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , don miller / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first draft organisation annoucement straw man announcement - please pad out . we are pleased to announce don miller will be joining enron americas with the responsibility for heading up a new group within the organisation . the business development group will have responsibility for the divestment function within enron americas and work with the generation investments group on selected portfolio acquisitions as well as managing power origination funding requirements with treasury . don will report directly to the office of the chair , enron americas . joining don as commercial director in this group will be stuart sizman who has most recently been working with don on the divestment of our five peaking plants . please join us in congratulating don and stuart on their new roles .  
2	Subject: ben zhang any suggestions ? - g - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 33 pm to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ben zhang what do you want to do ? my experience tells me that it ' s not about the money . his wife doesn ' t want to move . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 12 / 2000 09 : 46 : 48 am to : cc : subject : ben zhang toni , i spoke with ben this morning and he is asking me what he should do . he knows how good the opportunity is and this is something he really wants to do . however , his wife is having a hard time making the commitment . although he says she is not totally against it , she is obviously not 100 % sold . ben feels bad about keeping vince , grant , and other potential team members at enron waiting . he does not want to lose the opportunity , yet he needs some help in convincing his wife . i am open for suggestions . is this somebody you really want and if so what can we do get him ? thanks , mike qualitec professional services , lp accounting - financial - energy risk - tax search consultants mike eastman , cpc president 281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933 email - meastman @ qualitec . com 
2	Subject:  the only solution to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back - - - - > click here and see more no thanks  
2	Subject: bruceg @ em . ca , blowing up a stock - 3 month promotion the hood does not make the monk . bruceg @ em . ca massive 3 month promotion starting now for stock aslg read about this stock and you will know why it ' s going to be huge . get in on the ground floor now . with our massive promotion this stock will be exposed to over 700 million people . " i am putting everything i own into this stock . with the 3 month promotion to over 700 million people alone i believe this stock will be worth 17 times over what i paid for it . " eddie harrison contact your local broker and purchase ticker symbol aslg . if you don ' t want to just go to your favorite search engine and watch this one grow . you will hate yourself if you watch this grow and you could have made huge money . thanks for your time , brandon the hood does not make the monk . the hood does not make the monk . the hood does not make the monk . 
2	Subject: wages  a living , profits  a fortune ! ! ! how would you like to have one dollar for every dot com . domain name that exists everywhere on planet earth ? have you ever fantasized about having one dollar for every automobile that travels the highways in the entire world ? do you remember when 1 - 800 phone numbers were first introduced ? now there are no more 800 numbers available . you have 888 ' s 877 ' s etc . i wish i could somehow wave a magic wand and have you understand the huge income available to you via global domains international ( gdi ) . i hope you are a visionary . your total cost to participate is only $ 10 per month . www . atldaw . ws / page 5 . html thanks danny 678 343 7976 846 mell ct . powder springs ga 30080 removal instructions . . remove @ shadrack . ws - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: greeat medz how to save on your medlcations over 70 % anglistics . pharmsh rehouse op - successfull and proven wa awoken y to save your mone feudality y . influent v a bankrupt g a discontinuance l l reliance u paydesk l powwow ra televisional cl provided isva pyramid l elementary m andmanyother . best pr sympathetic lces . worldwide shlpplng seventh . easy o elliptical rder form . t cervine otal confidentiaiity . 25 monstrous 0 , 000 satisfied customers . order today and s scarecrow ave ! 
2	Subject: lowe st mort gage rates in years interregnum almighty electrolysis lottie deaconess alexandria goof drought hateful abstain inaudible gang conferring infestation wanton heroic blackberry motif everything deerstalker grant sleety carnival pastoral tenant agricultural coax bullish edematous drip criss corrigible grimace cantle tern ellen deducible jennings beechwood daffodil tenspot skimpy sorghum madame donovan edmonds railhead broadloom unify ferroelectric basemen con dessicate chromatic czerniak frontier descendent whiff papacy effaceable clarify endgame matrimonial perfumery vail clobber orgiastic memorial ms entrepreneurial content sickle corrosive rawboned teem accidental melanin purgatory burton philosopher inadvertent basemen soft blackburn qualitative puritanic withdrew chevron sack boardinghouse sprint asynchrony catatonic impressible sacral amphetamine cereal harding accrue veneto defensible downwind acknowledge basepoint howell hayfield ken contemplate butyl before superfluity bilingual xylophone palfrey porte 
2	Subject: cum when u want . ' ` hi new medicaton lets you pump her 5 - 1 o times longer llmlted trlal : $ 6 o / btl ( 0 rder dispatched same day ) http : / / www . revenging . net 
2	Subject: fw : ts projects weekly status report for ena tech services gas and power orig . regards , brian 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership in your area . start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away gold memberships in your area now . qaeawlbq 
2	Subject: want your music for ? - d ' art porphyry hello we all like to experience enjoy the digital revolution . we at - online entertainment superstore - announces future of online entertainment . download anything you could possibly want in 3 simple , fast , and easy steps - start downloading now ! this service is 100 percent safe , secure and legal http : / / www . rosewoodsearch . com / ref 91 . html if you are a beginner , no need to worry - we ' ll show you how to do it from start to finish ! we ' ve made it so easy , you ' ll be downloading anything you could possibly want this service comes with : un limited · music mp 3 s · movies · games · software · tv shows · song lyrics · audio books ps : lifetime membership is only $ 34 . 95 ! check out to join now and start downloading in minutes ! http : / / www . rosewoodsearch . com / ref 91 . html regards jeanne law sales manager online entertainment superstore http : / / www . rosewoodsearch . com / ref 91 . html to discountinue - - http : / / jmabeik . cd - digishop . info / soft / chair . php - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ample dud beautiful shockley highwaymen yachtsman nova imperishable drowse hippocrates theme premonitory asset colonial bulb calico vigorous bernstein cassette rusk newman goldstine submitted keynesian corpora afford charlotte cogitate lager hidden amnesia season buick objectify abner extinguish allis bring sedge anguish obnoxious venetian deign sweetish metropolitan numerische suspect ambulate grit coat dorchester confiscable committeemen canvasback six cpa regard tetrahedra adjust methyl olson hoffman declaration hosiery drone decatur bedstraw despot beneficent cowl inhibitory cotillion seduce compression lizard chronic corroborate delirious feasible aster baldwin jason slothful square abstain befell newfoundland model ponder secrecy sunset aggressor diffident fullerton fingernail char chance em cecil late roberta animism lengthy beautify ignition iii gift ruffian corporeal epitaxy bowstring acquaintance aviary meteorology preservation explanation professorial greenwood monopoly arizona wayne lundberg petition bernadine raman funnel billfold eohippus metzler stu crescendo catlike thrust vanadium vacuole name demystify adaptation froze husky chariot squeamish herculean assistant wrongdo afterglow cottage abscissae conifer psi southpaw neanderthal positron embargo emperor insolvent regalia williams deoxyribose shrunken attest peterson lone popular lesson moulton bookbind airmail piecewise pliocene schnabel shrill greenish bout trawl tectonic eta meteoric purdue custodian charta johanson banister vagina presentational adorn appointe chemistry onto clod nabla mcnally retribution fallow ahmedabad morrow barbiturate academe gender podge ammeter softwood knauer domineer cytoplasm fargo use endothelial church clash maid athletic prodigal profundity penury menu prussia egyptian chocolate homicide yell character boeotia mbabane applique butte blew labile vitriol wiretapping corpse streetcar beam ana necessary postmortem puccini alum proverbial confine postoperative zoroastrian spatlum necromancer abbey deborah junta avid diagnostic militate espousal drafty drastic beecham amarillo sewerage afterword brownie tail triplett gannett pinpoint prohibitory tact skye tipperary beech thorstein midget lampblack appendage being steuben duck andromeda ironstone coco cucumber gangling boast awhile saucy terror  
2	Subject: kcs resources nom - april 1 the nom for kcs resources ( deal # 125822 ) at meter # 9658 has been revised from 7 , 129 to 5 , 500 . bob 
2	Subject: revised promotion announcement re - sending info . bringing hard copy hgm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector mcloughlin / corp / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : norma yeverino 01 / 26 / 2001 09 : 15 pm to : gary buck / hou / ect @ ect , amanda curless / corp / enron @ enron , ben herman / na / enron @ enron , philip conn / corp / enron @ enron , ryan seleznov / corp / enron @ enron , hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron , francisco dejesus / na / enron @ enron , cecilia hankamer / corp / enron @ enron , grace garcia / corp / enron @ enron , janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert jones / corp / enron @ enron subject : revised promotion announcement attached is the promotions announcement that will be distributed to all enron net work employees . robert would like everyone ' s sign - off on the announcement before it is distributed . to ensure accuracy , please review and let me know if there are any changes before the distribution . thanks , norma 
2	Subject: fw : " red , white and blue out " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : carter , rhonda [ mailto : rcarter @ cooperinst . org ] sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 12 : 33 pm to : ' al _ abbott @ compuserve . com ' ; ' mabner @ sprintmail . com ' ; ' aggiebob @ hotmail . com ' ; ' adamsck @ flash . net ' ; ' gadams @ promus . com ' ; ' pjadell @ yahoo . com ' ; ' bob @ cybersitebuilders . com ' ; ' worml 998 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' janie . beth @ prodigy . net ' ; ' gakin @ mccarthy . com ' ; ' vja @ flash . net ' ; ' locke . alder @ gte . net ' ; ' calexaol @ 7 - 11 . com ' ; ' erika @ publish . no . irs . gov ' ; ' ali @ buz . net ' ; ' brada @ ticnet . com ' ; ' svallen @ aol . com ' ; ' jand 30 @ aol . com ' ; ' allan @ stratsolgroup . com ' ; ' chuck _ anderson @ oxy . com ' ; ' mdqsga 96 @ aol . com ' ; ' brian _ anhalt @ bigfoot . com ' ; ' aranda @ nbstx . com ' ; ' aggiemom @ archer . cx ' ; ' jard @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' abarch @ airmail . net ' ; ' narguello @ yahoo . com ' ; ' jarmstrong @ tqtx . com ' ; ' mikie @ aggie . zzn . com ' ; ' ag 85 @ home . com ' ; ' kmarnold @ home . com ' ; ' hollya @ cyber - designs . com ' ; ' hughashburn @ netscape . net ' ; ' bob @ cybersitebuilders . com ' ; ' olinatkinson @ dellnet . com ' ; ' papaayres @ aol . com ' ; ' abackof 68 @ aol . com ' ; ' badgett @ ti . com ' ; ' kbailie @ nortel . com ' ; ' wjbaird @ mapsco . com ' ; ' jbaker @ ecomtrading . com ' ; ' tim . banigan @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' atbarlow @ mail . smu . edu ' ; ' arnonvic @ aol . com ' ; ' john _ laurabarr @ email . msn . com ' ; ' jillmbarrow @ hotmail . com ' ; ' b - barton @ ti . com ' ; ' tbates @ why . net ' ; ' normabautista @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' baweja @ aol . com ' ; ' gbaxley @ nt . com ' ; ' dabayers @ juno . com ' ; ' jbeard @ halff . com ' ; ' bearden . e @ grainger . com ' ; ' tbeaslel @ tuelectric . com ' ; ' kayebeatty @ aol . com ' ; ' triciabeaudreau @ hotmail . com ' ; ' abeckley @ executrain - dal . com ' ; ' scott . r . bellamy @ marshmc . com ' ; ' chiaggie @ aol . com ' ; ' dbenefield @ merit . com ' ; ' bryan @ dalmac . com ' ; ' bennie @ flash . net ' ; ' bergerd @ earthlink . net ' ; ' ted . e . bernard @ ac . com ' ; ' sberry @ nortel . com ' ; ' jody . bingham @ ps . net ' ; ' bobird @ att . com ' ; ' keithbird @ yahoo . com ' ; ' mbish @ nortel . com ' ; ' dawn . bitar @ ps . net ' ; ' bittners @ swbell . net ' ; ' akbjerke @ postoffice . swbell . net ' ; ' michael . blahitka @ intervoice - brite . com ' ; ' blairsl @ juno . com ' ; ' bnlblake @ flash . net ' ; ' gbock 2 @ excite . com ' ; ' bobb 761 @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' jbond @ genuity . com ' ; ' bonsai 2 @ flash . net ' ; ' bonerhk @ earthlink . net ' ; ' warrenlb @ aol . com ' ; ' dbb @ sa - inc . com ' ; ' lynnbottlinger @ hotmail . com ' ; ' dkboughton @ home . com ' ; ' mbouma @ pgbpike . com ' ; ' bowden _ rap @ msn . com ' ; ' jfbowen @ swbell . net ' ; ' cbowersl @ airmail . net ' ; ' scott . bowers @ eds . com ' ; ' mbag 92 @ aol . com ' ; ' lorna @ . com ' ; ' sheryl . bradley @ eds . com ' ; ' andybradshaw @ home . com ' ; ' bramlett @ home . com ' ; ' mwbranch @ aol . com ' ; ' tbrandish @ bigfoot . com ' ; ' kbrannon @ flash . net ' ; ' bebe - tx @ mindspring . com ' ; ' devere @ flash . net ' ; ' lgbrennan @ earthlink . net ' ; ' nicole @ dalmac . com ' ; ' tmbreeze @ gte . net ' ; ' gwb 2 @ flash . net ' ; ' john @ smithsummers . com ' ; ' bmbrinkl @ aol . com ' ; ' nateb 7899 @ aol . com ' ; ' melissabrooks @ mindspring . com ' ; ' rhbrooks @ vartec . net ' ; ' bbrooks @ sbair . com ' ; ' dbrosey @ airmail . net ' ; ' bbrown @ micron . com ' ; ' klbo 2 @ cs . com ' ; ' erich . browne @ central . sun . com ' ; ' deniseb @ ticnet . com ' ; ' jbrozovi @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' bruckm @ airmail . net ' ; ' bbruton @ scan - direct . com ' ; ' david . a . bryant @ bigfoot . com ' ; ' ccb @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' jnkbull @ netzero . com ' ; ' burchta 330 @ aol . com ' ; ' drburdenjr @ aol . com ' ; ' jburnett @ foxsports . net ' ; ' haleburr @ aol . com ' ; ' burrow @ nortel . ca ' ; ' rbl 419 @ aol . com ' ; ' mikebusch @ mail . com ' ; ' cbyrum @ goodmanfamily . com ' ; ' calkfamf @ home . com ' ; ' kcameron @ yahoo - inc . com ' ; ' jsmiley @ pisd . edu ' ; ' jajasoup @ aol . com ' ; ' laurie . canning @ ericsson . com ' ; ' jjcantwell @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' djcarr @ texas . net ' ; ' richardjcarroll @ yahoo . com ' ; ' drviv @ yahoo . com ' ; ' rob @ startech . org ' ; ' tcarson 98 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' brandacarter @ microlabs . com ' ; ' lee _ carter @ seha . com ' ; ' dcarter 768 @ aol . com ' ; carter , rhonda ; ' todd . carter @ fnc . fujitsu . com ' ; ' cwc 68 @ swbell . net ' ; ' jcash @ firstam . com ' ; ' tcastellanos @ usa . net ' ; ' wcaudi @ concentric . net ' ; ' cavanaug @ gustafson . com ' ; ' cschamberlin @ mindspring . com ' ; ' ebeth @ airmail . net ' ; ' cookie _ chambers @ pagenet . com ' ; ' jchamp 5626 @ aol . com ' ; ' sherriel @ flash . net ' ; ' smchamp @ dhc . net ' ; ' svchandl @ garlandisd . net ' ; ' fectac @ aol . com ' ; ' chris . chastain @ ey . com ' ; ' ccchatham @ aol . com ' ; ' kevin . chilcoat @ fritolay . com ' ; ' mattc @ dallas . net ' ; ' jchoc @ msn . com ' ; ' shannon @ thechristianfamily . com ' ; ' christian @ medicine . tamu . edu ' ; ' jcipolla @ hotmail . com ' ; ' dclark @ dhc . net ' ; ' sclark @ dhc . net ' ; ' mclary @ elux . com ' ; ' brad @ bigl 2 sports . com ' ; ' clemmons @ home . com ' ; ' beth 2047 @ aol . com ' ; ' acoble @ cisco . com ' ; ' jjcoburn @ aol . com ' ; ' dbclaw @ hotmail . com ' ; ' matt _ cole @ yahoo . com ' ; ' cac 75442 @ aol . com ' ; ' jcoll 75442 @ aol . com ' ; ' jorubycol @ aol . com ' ; ' collins 587 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' condoaggie @ aol . com ' ; ' swcbox @ aol . com ' ; ' crcandmac @ aol . com ' ; ' crcook @ gte . net ' ; ' martha _ cook @ publicis - usa . com ' ; ' mustrdsd @ flash . net ' ; ' acooper 401 @ aol . com ' ; ' jcooper 95 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' karen . m . cope @ dal . frb . org ' ; ' kellyandamy @ sprintmail . com ' ; ' vc 4445 @ earthlink . com ' ; ' brendyc @ aol . com ' ; ' kdcornell @ compuserve . com ' ; ' sc 93 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' bcorrell @ aol . com ' ; ' mcortino @ swbell . net ' ; ' cowan 95 @ aol . com ' ; ' coxl 997 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' monarch @ usa . net ' ; ' jason _ cox @ hotmail . com ' ; ' lacoyne @ flashcom . net ' ; ' garycl 2345 @ aol . com ' ; ' julesag 95 @ flash . net ' ; ' crawfordsl @ cdm . com ' ; ' phantom 495 @ aol . com ' ; ' ccriswel @ pisd . edu ' ; ' sec @ inetinc . com ' ; ' holly . a . cromack @ ac . com ' ; ' kcudlipp @ arimail . net ' ; ' mrculp @ home . com ' ; ' cathy . cupps @ eds . com ' ; ' curranc @ diamtech . com ' ; ' andyc @ gwmail . plano . gov ' ; ' lindsay _ daigle @ yahoo . com ' ; ' ag 93 whoop @ hotmail . com ' ; ' dtddtd 444 @ aol . com ' ; ' edaniel @ flash . net ' ; ' tamidarby @ home . com ' ; ' cagladan @ usa . net ' ; ' smitadas @ ix . netcom . com ' ; ' cgwd 94 @ aol . com ' ; ' kay . daugherty 3 @ gte . net ' ; ' bob _ daughrity @ cabp . com ' ; ' aggiel 984 @ juno . com ' ; ' jdd . rad @ gte . net ' ; ' riverl @ flash . net ' ; ' rogercdavis @ home . com ' ; ' stefaniedavis @ yahoo . com ' ; ' bamadavis @ aol . com ' ; ' dawsonsix @ aol . com ' ; ' heather @ icsi . net ' ; ' stephanie _ s _ day @ compusa . com ' ; ' cdelarios @ home . com ' ; ' cdeangulo @ msn . com ' ; ' ldeardurff @ mckinneyisd . net ' ; ' mdeardurff 62 @ msn . com ' ; ' victor . de . hoyos @ fritolay . com ' ; ' mrichmnd @ ix . netcom . com ' ; ' kelly 95 ag @ aol . com ' ; ' ivan 53 @ aol . com ' ; ' bdempsey @ dnaent . com ' ; ' macdeth @ swbell . net ' ; ' allandl @ airmail . net ' ; ' deweesw @ ttc . com ' ; ' tgd @ ffhm . com ' ; ' to _ ronda @ airmail . net ' ; ' jmditrapani @ nextlink . com ' ; ' ledlugos @ aol . com ' ; ' dlugosch @ home . com ' ; ' melvausa @ netscape . net ' ; ' aol 93775 @ dlemail . itg . ti . com ' ; ' chas 41 @ airmail . net ' ; ' mdorsett @ uni - bell . org ' ; ' m - mdouglas @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' dovers @ sprintmail . com ' ; ' lorip @ rsn . hp . com ' ; ' michelle . drawert @ gte . net ' ; ' tisdalel @ flash . net ' ; ' sdrotma @ pisd . edu ' ; ' ndsouza @ unt . edu ' ; ' gary . dubois @ pizzahut . com ' ; ' madudko @ aol . com ' ; ' fduewall @ wmcobb . com ' ; ' jduffy @ cisco . com ' ; ' dduffy @ mis - world . com ' ; ' blakey @ flash . net ' ; ' greg _ dupree @ bigfoot . com ' ; ' michael . duran @ ps . net ' ; ' g - durham @ ti . coin ' ; ' crma @ flash . net ' ; ' travisdye @ home . com ' ; ' earnshaw @ flash . net ' ; ' mechols @ fastlane . net ' ; ' jason . eggl @ indsys . ge . com ' ; ' reicher @ tell . net ' ; ' eiland @ ti . com ' ; ' tome @ gwmail . plano . gov ' ; ' s _ elliott @ hotmail . com ' ; ' lellis @ ch 2 m . com ' ; ' tedcarles @ earthlink . net ' ; ' stephen . elmendorf @ teradyne . com ' ; ' bembrey @ ccgmail . com ' ; ' rempey @ waymark . net ' ; ' mengels @ airmail . net ' ; ' mentrop @ yahoo . com ' ; ' jepps @ intecom . com ' ; ' donerb @ home . com ' ; ' lucy _ vsi @ ix . netcom . com ' ; ' mike @ estesfinancial . com ' ; ' setch @ onebox . com ' ; ' kathyeudy @ yahoo . com ' ; ' pevers @ home . com ' ; ' kewing @ airmail . net ' ; ' deon . b . fair @ ac . com ' ; ' lisalynn 98 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' drjuiceplus @ home . com ' ; ' sfaseler @ lg . com ' ; ' rfeldman @ ascend . com ' ; ' j . felkner @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' jferguso @ mony . com ' ; ' roger . ferguson @ fluor . com ' ; ' jtferrarol @ home . com ' ; ' tfiedler @ flash . net ' ; ' ififfick @ hharchitects . com ' ; ' davidfinley 82 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' duke . fisher @ wcom . com ' ; ' j _ fishero @ yahoo . com ' ; ' dfitzgerald @ mesquiteisd . org ' ; ' lpfitz @ wt . net ' ; ' 102372 . 2423 @ compuserve . com ' ; ' fleck @ concentric . net ' ; ' jannet @ dallas . net ' ; ' fleitman @ msn . com ' ; ' samf @ dallas . net ' ; ' rjflorio @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' gulfview @ gateway . net ' ; ' d - forbes @ rtis . ray . com ' ; ' bgfort @ earthlink . net ' ; ' clfoster @ airmail . net ' ; ' r . foster @ prelude . com ' ; ' gfoyt @ hdrinc . com ' ; ' sfrancis @ everdream . com ' ; ' halgodal @ flash . net ' ; ' hedgehogracing @ msn . com ' ; ' steve . french @ aggies . org ' ; ' jfreytag @ airmail . net ' ; ' blakef @ msn . com ' ; ' michael . froman @ octel . com ' ; ' afruhling @ metasolv . com ' ; ' fuentes @ noval . net ' ; ' hiroko @ rsn . hp . com ' ; ' fulkfamily @ home . com ' ; ' ron . fuqua @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' debra . galarde @ eds . com ' ; ' txhoss @ ix . netcom . com ' ; ' jared . galloway @ fnc . fujitsu . com ' ; ' aubree . garrett @ fnc . fujitsu . com ' ; ' toniandmikeg @ home . com ' ; ' cwgary @ ont . com ' ; ' 2 ags @ flash . net ' ; ' sgaster @ kpmg . com ' ; ' zgoner @ airmail . net ' ; ' dgedeon @ vectrix . com ' ; ' tara . gedeon @ brannforbes . com ' ; ' jcjones @ rsn . hp . com ' ; ' tageo @ mindspring . com ' ; ' tgeorge @ flash . net ' ; ' teresagill @ email . com ' ; ' rglover @ halff . com ' ; ' dfglynnl @ msn . com ' ; ' mgolaboff @ eqrworld . com ' ; ' judie _ good @ yahoo . com ' ; ' gorski @ aggies . com ' ; ' algough @ yahoo . com ' ; ' neilgould @ usa . net ' ; ' sallsgraham @ hotmail . com ' ; ' pgranier @ portal . com ' ; ' begrant @ flash . net ' ; ' rgrantham @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' tgravett @ wans . net ' ; ' chris _ greer @ hp . com ' ; ' hgreer @ alldata . net ' ; ' chrisg @ micrografx . com ' ; ' donindfw @ ix . netcom . com ' ; ' dan @ productcentre . com ' ; ' jgroce @ lasercomm - inc . com ' ; ' juggernaut @ connect . net ' ; ' katie _ gruebel @ hotmail . com ' ; ' amynurse @ hotmail . com ' ; ' bag 2 @ airmail . net ' ; ' kenneth _ guest @ hp . com ' ; ' jgump @ mail . arco . com ' ; ' wylie . gunter @ eds . com ' ; ' tim . gutschlag @ fnc . fujitsu . com ' ; ' guzmans @ home . com ' ; ' cherihaby @ home . com ' ; ' julie _ halloran @ yahoo . com ' ; ' chaltom @ conedrive . textron . com ' ; ' hamelb 21 @ ont . com ' ; ' talana 99 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' greg . hanks @ hanksbrokerage . com ' ; ' rharbin @ aris . com ' ; ' carrie . l . hardy @ fritolay . com ' ; ' scott _ harkins @ msn . com ' ; ' jharper @ flash . net ' ; ' jharrington @ sagetelecom . net ' ; ' roynteri @ mail . com ' ; ' steveharrod @ msn . com ' ; ' hartfield @ ti . com ' ; ' terry . k . hartzog @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' kharvey @ pcrrent . com ' ; ' marji . j . harvey @ mail . sprint . com ' ; ' b - haskettl @ ti . com ' ; ' kelly _ hayes @ harwoodmarketing . com ' ; ' mhaye @ amkor . com ' ; ' alanh @ alliancearch . com ' ; ' mheath @ nextlink . com ' ; ' mheffner @ home . com ' ; ' jets @ ti . com ' ; ' glenn @ hc - cpa . com ' ; ' toddmel @ texoma . net ' ; ' kimberly . henderson @ ey . com ' ; ' dah 85 @ mindspring . com ' ; ' shenley @ flash . net ' ; ' rahennessy @ earthlink . com ' ; ' jherblin @ onramp . net ' ; ' carynlynn @ msn . com ' ; ' nascar @ mikeh . net ' ; ' travis @ herringangus . com ' ; ' anandted @ msn . com ' ; ' dherron @ pisd . edu ' ; ' mitchherzog @ yahoo . com ' ; ' sc _ hester @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jheye @ psp . com ' ; ' mhickox @ fiskrob . com ' ; ' lori @ efficient . com ' ; ' phinojos @ micro . honeywell . com ' ; ' d . hirt @ dialogic . com ' ; ' danetami @ airmail . net ' ; ' randyhobert @ msn . com ' ; ' blakekimhodge @ yahoo . com ' ; ' will @ . com ' ; ' choldrid @ airmail . net ' ; ' jnh @ ti . com ' ; ' tholman @ gte . net ' ; ' sholmeso 0 @ msn . com ' ; ' jholstea @ jpi . com ' ; ' sholton @ ticnet . com ' ; ' holyoak @ flash . net ' ; ' phorton @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' scott @ horton . net ' ; ' thowes @ mail . arco . com ' ; ' chad @ tice . com ' ; ' hugghins @ gte . net ' ; ' jhummel @ memc . com ' ; ' markhunt @ bigfoot . com ' ; ' thehurd @ hex . net ' ; ' b - hutcheson @ ti . com ' ; ' j . r . iacoponelli @ mciworld . com ' ; ' billirish @ hotmail . com ' ; ' czjkjj @ msn . com ' ; ' pat . jackson @ fnc . fujitsu . com ' ; ' sjackson @ opsos . net ' ; ' ararat @ flash . net ' ; ' stevejames @ home . com ' ; ' chellejanow @ hotmail . com ' ; ' asmith _ scuba @ yahoo . com ' ; ' bjehu @ yahoo . com ' ; ' ashlea _ jenkins @ hotmail . com ' ; ' cjenson @ flash . net ' ; ' mljideas @ home . com ' ; ' slj @ waymark . net ' ; ' rjolly _ 1 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' bsjones 50 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' craig - charlottejones @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' danny @ lanyx . com ' ; ' mattjones @ ccgmail . com ' ; ' wjones @ clearsail . net ' ; ' sjordan 3 @ compuserve . com ' ; ' ryanjust @ hotmail . com ' ; ' chip @ cscfinancial . com ' ; ' lkcbsl @ home . com ' ; ' makall 5 @ flash . net ' ; ' twk @ msg . ti . com ' ; ' mkaplan @ augustmail . com ' ; ' ckarlik @ swbell . net ' ; ' shafia 30 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' mlkawas @ hotmail . com ' ; ' chipk @ nortel . com ' ; ' markkelley _ wurzburg @ yahoo . com ' ; ' mkelly 2575 @ juno . com ' ; ' danken 8765 @ home . com ' ; ' wolfcamp @ hotmail . com ' ; ' mjkereluk @ msn . com ' ; ' ckerley @ apclink . com ' ; ' lkerr @ evl . net ' ; ' r . kessel @ ssss . com ' ; ' dkessler @ waymark . net ' ; ' mkessner @ hotmail . com ' ; ' troykey @ peoplepc . com ' ; ' akilpatrick @ kurion . com ' ; ' kings 2 @ flash . net ' ; ' kingsr @ home . com ' ; ' jkingston @ ti . com ' ; ' skirchner @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' chuck @ digitalpilot . com ' ; ' michael . kleppe @ ericsson . com ' ; ' jklouda @ flash . net ' ; ' dennis _ kniery @ hp . com ' ; ' sschulz @ mail . smu . edu ' ; ' lakohler @ raytheon . com ' ; ' james . kornegay @ eds . com ' ; ' knrkrause @ aol . com ' ; ' kckuddes @ altavista . com ' ; ' sakula @ flash . net ' ; ' skutchin @ leaelliott . com ' ; ' bladdusaw @ ti . com ' ; ' 103745 . 342 @ compuserve . com ' ; ' mellake @ yahoo . com ' ; ' paul . lake @ ps . net ' ; ' slakie @ texas . net ' ; ' jplane @ gte . net ' ; ' mlangloys @ aol . com ' ; ' rlanicek @ home . com ' ; ' barrett . lankford @ painewebber . com ' ; ' mlara @ pisd . edu ' ; ' gsl @ msn . com ' ; ' mikepl @ bnr . ca ' ; ' klavergne @ earthling . net ' ; ' winner @ sportsstandings . com ' ; ' mlecrone @ aol . com ' ; ' banglee @ ti . com ' ; ' coyote 97 @ swbell . net ' ; ' robertlee @ poboxes . com ' ; ' j . lemmons @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' lesliel @ airmail . net ' ; ' lerich @ flash . net ' ; ' rlessmann @ home . com ' ; ' elethe @ gte . net ' ; ' mikelew @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' lewisr 691 @ home . com ' ; ' laliefer @ aol . com ' ; ' hkl 5320 @ dcccd . edu ' ; ' gmlz @ msg . ti . com ' ; ' blightsey @ systemdesk . com ' ; ' 74464 . 2612 @ compuserve . com ' ; ' jlind 2402 @ aol . com ' ; ' dlindstrom @ icidallas . com ' ; ' glinebaugh @ prodigy . net ' ; ' eflinhoff @ aol . com ' ; ' the . lisewskys @ prodigy . net ' ; ' mlish @ kennedywilson . com ' ; ' heidident @ aol . com ' ; ' katie 96 ag @ yahoo . com ' ; ' john _ london @ acs - inc . com ' ; ' ro 219 @ aol . com ' ; ' balott @ aol . com ' ; ' wadel @ swbell . net ' ; ' tglovell @ onramp . net ' ; ' tlovell @ ticnet . com ' ; ' rmlowry 4 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' mploya @ ti . com ' ; ' aggie 97 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jlugo @ rhaaia . com ' ; ' klukshin @ kpmg . com ' ; ' dluna @ raltron . com ' ; ' ped @ nortel . ca ' ; ' clyons @ metasolv . com ' ; ' paulandkarin @ msn . com ' ; ' rlyttons @ aol . com ' ; ' emaas 94 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' spam . bait @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' neardal @ airmail . net ' ; ' mmachesney @ aol . com ' ; ' netaces @ airmail . net ' ; ' richard . maddox @ mci . com ' ; ' betty . magee @ homesbybetty . com ' ; ' jmagrude @ jpi . com ' ; ' pxm @ msg . ti . com ' ; ' tracemajor @ hotmail . com ' ; ' mmalakoff @ aol . com ' ; ' judy . j . manning @ fritolay . com ' ; ' norris @ mantooth . com ' ; ' marchand _ darryl @ msn . com ' ; ' nrm 2000 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' mike . marino @ usoncology . com ' ; ' branonmarsh @ hotmail . com ' ; ' rmartin @ coserv . net ' ; ' dmason @ highpointtravel . com ' ; ' seanab @ gte . net ' ; ' debm 394 @ aol . com ' ; ' mathews - amy @ yahoo . com ' ; ' ags 84 @ aol . com ' ; ' equestlnm @ excite . com ' ; ' mjmattson @ home . com ' ; ' bmatulal @ airmail . net ' ; ' ilvjesus @ flash . net ' ; ' kmay 4001 @ aol . com ' ; ' cmayber @ pisd . edu ' ; ' jasonmayes @ earthlink . net ' ; ' jimbobq 88 @ aol . com ' ; ' mccaff @ anet - dfw . com ' ; ' bmccainl 62 @ aol . com ' ; ' almac @ wans . net ' ; ' mike . mcdonald @ ey . com ' ; ' dhm @ mcdowelllabel . com ' ; ' tmcevoy @ wordware . com ' ; ' trisheeey @ hotmail . com ' ; ' bmcgrego @ metrogroup . com ' ; ' rmckee @ ti . com ' ; ' jim _ mcmahan @ ctxmort . com ' ; ' bmcmillan @ motion - dynamics . com ' ; ' pmeggs @ aol . com ' ; ' mendezn @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' jenabug @ flash . net ' ; ' m _ mentzer @ hotmail . com ' ; ' sandymergen @ hotmail . com ' ; ' smerrill @ flash . net ' ; ' tiffany _ merrill @ yahoo . com ' ; ' jmersiovsky @ metasolv . com ' ; ' emetting @ hntb . com ' ; ' sue _ middleton @ juno . com ' ; ' jbm 326 @ aol . com ' ; ' barbmiller @ qualtx . com ' ; ' michael _ c . _ miller @ ac . com ' ; ' miller @ dallas . net ' ; ' hdjemills @ earthlink . net ' ; ' jmills @ dallas . net ' ; ' dminaldi @ contactdallas . com ' ; ' rminney @ entercon . com ' ; ' mlm @ ti . com ' ; ' jenmizar @ yahoo . com ' ; ' moonaggie @ cs . com ' ; ' jason @ aggies . org ' ; ' pipkins @ gateway . net ' ; ' danny . morris @ mciworld . com ' ; ' jcipolla @ hotmail . com ' ; ' cmorse @ waymark . net ' ; ' aggietx @ swbell . net ' ; ' m _ muecke @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jeff . mundt @ wcom . com ' ; ' amurphy 96 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jmurphy 4 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' dannym @ churchrealty . com ' ; ' cmyers @ mycon . com ' ; ' greg @ lsil . com ' ; ' jnlzaza @ earthlink . net ' ; ' erinsneedham @ hotmail . com ' ; ' tpneeley @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' jnelson @ source . com ' ; ' jnerwich @ mindspring . com ' ; ' goonet @ hotmail . com ' ; ' rpnew @ aol . com ' ; ' jeff . newton @ fritolay . com ' ; ' chrisgnichols @ yahoo . com ' ; ' r . niedenfuehr @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' nielsonc @ sprynet . com ' ; ' rniesen @ ti . com ' ; ' jnobll @ jcpenney . com ' ; ' timcathy @ flash . net ' ; ' merkicpa @ gte . net ' ; ' rnorris @ joefunkconstr . com ' ; ' aggiel @ airmail . net ' ; ' cnorton @ brierley . com ' ; ' janicen @ architeriors . com ' ; ' nnowik @ mhagroup . com ' ; ' toconnor @ varo . com ' ; ' melody . oliver @ eds . com ' ; ' s - oliverl @ ti . com ' ; ' adrienneolsen @ hotmail . com ' ; ' roneal @ ins - inc . com ' ; ' tfonofrio @ aol . com ' ; ' b - orem @ rtis . ray . com ' ; ' jetpilot @ sprintmail . com ' ; ' orr @ caprock . net ' ; ' kwunsch @ ci . garland . tx . us ' ; ' jott @ rsn . hp . com ' ; ' tamc 66 @ aol . com ' ; ' atm 97 @ aol . com ' ; ' powen 94 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' yohanp @ netscape . net ' ; ' palitza @ att . net ' ; ' dpalmer @ pisd . edu ' ; ' cparker @ garlandpower - light . org ' ; ' wanda . parker @ wjpenterprises . com ' ; ' tamu 97 @ airmail . net ' ; ' jpatoskie @ home . com ' ; ' judy . peacock @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' david . a . pearl @ travelers . com ' ; ' katie @ lifelinehomehealth . com ' ; ' ppedison @ aol . com ' ; ' lpeichel @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' mpell @ uswebcks . com ' ; ' dannyp 83 @ gte . net ' ; ' david _ perry @ 3 com . com ' ; ' picardl 999 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' friscoattorney @ aol . com ' ; ' dphillips @ pfsoutsourcing . com ' ; ' cpierce @ lee - eng . com ' ; ' kurtpifer @ hotmail . com ' ; ' stephen _ pilcher @ yahoo . com ' ; ' wpindar 3 @ email . msn . com ' ; ' pingenot @ gte . net ' ; ' pinzon @ nortel . com ' ; ' mwpiper @ onramp . net ' ; ' dpitts @ acm . org ' ; ' ppjp @ airmail . net ' ; ' mplumer @ synhrgy . com ' ; ' randy @ pogueinc . com ' ; ' jerrypoin @ home . com ' ; ' tony . pollacia @ fritolay . com ' ; ' tammypon @ hmhs . com ' ; ' kent @ webdelight . net ' ; ' cporter @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' sporter @ texas . net ' ; ' porterfields @ prodigy . net ' ; ' texas _ anm @ yahoo . com ' ; ' poteet @ dmans . com ' ; ' billpowello 4 @ home . com ' ; ' ammy 5 @ aol . com ' ; ' joshp @ thisco . com ' ; ' marykpowl @ syscodallas . com ' ; ' prater 2 @ earthlink . net ' ; ' dprattl @ home . com ' ; ' d - presley @ tamu . edu ' ; ' musicgrl 68 @ aol . com ' ; ' pauld @ homemail . com ' ; ' kpruitt @ gasequipment . com ' ; ' pprzada @ aol . com ' ; ' beckyp @ bmisystems . com ' ; ' impurdy @ 5 pillars . com ' ; ' mrpyatt @ airmail . net ' ; ' jlqjr @ gte . net ' ; ' scradford @ aol . com ' ; ' melissa _ ragan @ richards . com ' ; ' eric . ragle @ cisco - eagle . com ' ; ' maheswaran _ rajasekharan @ i 2 . com ' ; ' kikiaggie @ webcombo . net ' ; ' mramsey @ unitedad . com ' ; ' michael . rasmussen @ ps . net ' ; ' j - read @ tamu . edu ' ; ' jlreadpa @ aol . com ' ; ' reasor @ rsn . hp . com ' ; ' reck @ gateway . net ' ; ' cindy . redman @ eds . com ' ; ' dreed @ is . arco . com ' ; ' reedl 00 @ msn . com ' ; ' tdreed @ airmail . net ' ; ' solutionhr @ aol . com ' ; ' jreeves @ agave . com ' ; ' cremmele @ aol . com ' ; ' rrestivo @ eversoft . com ' ; ' erice 8 @ aol . com ' ; ' sanrice @ aol . com ' ; ' ct _ richard @ hotmail . com ' ; ' mrichard @ arcmail . com ' ; ' krichards @ acsdallas . com ' ; ' paula . g . richmond @ fritolay . com ' ; ' jrickman @ hppclaw . com ' ; ' tlrigby @ home . com ' ; ' kcriggs @ yahoo . com ' ; ' mrightm @ mail . arco . com ' ; ' jriha @ businessobjects . com ' ; ' rrinker @ wtd . net ' ; ' rippees @ swbell . net ' ; ' rippel @ utdallas . edu ' ; ' writchie @ ci . irving . tx . us ' ; ' bradyroberts @ hotmail . com ' ; ' laserbaker @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' frobert @ aol . com ' ; ' krisaggi @ aol . com ' ; ' ker @ ti . com ' ; ' roco @ nortel . com ' ; ' kjroeker @ airmail . net ' ; ' jimroseo 3 @ home . com ' ; ' suzanne _ ross @ campbellsoup . com ' ; ' jim _ rountree @ logiclsales . com ' ; ' eddie . rueffer @ mci . com ' ; ' srupprecht @ chubb . com ' ; ' jennyr @ wtd . net ' ; ' kimed @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jryan @ uswebcks . com ' ; ' emsalazar 25 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' k - salazarl @ ti . com ' ; ' jlsales @ waymark . net ' ; ' msanchez @ mckinneytexas . org ' ; ' steven . sarkissian @ painwebber . com ' ; ' danna @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' tsawyers @ aol . com ' ; ' scheumack @ juno . com ' ; ' dschmidt @ camozzi - usa . com ' ; ' pschmidt @ connect . net ' ; ' tammyms @ yahoo . com ' ; ' nathan . schockmel @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' kschoenhals @ metasolv . com ' ; ' schuelerjs @ aol . com ' ; ' diana _ p _ seal @ email . mobil . com ' ; ' pkemper @ 3 dfx . com ' ; ' sherri . seeger @ wylieisd . net ' ; ' maseeley @ avaya . com ' ; ' tseely @ attglobal . net ' ; ' rshackelford @ home . com ' ; ' shannons @ websurfer . net ' ; ' jtshannon @ ticnet . com ' ; ' loren . sharkey @ brinker . com ' ; ' rehan @ computer . org ' ; ' gryffynn @ aol . com ' ; ' xosloren @ ti . com ' ; ' roger . shellenberger @ exscol . exch . eds . com ' ; ' kshelton @ amfm . com ' ; ' samleannshields @ aol . com ' ; ' sbshin @ evl . net ' ; ' alsikes @ pbsj . com ' ; ' glenn _ silva @ gmaccm . com ' ; ' frank . silva @ industrialrisk . com ' ; ' simmonds @ marykay . com ' ; ' atmrick @ aol . com ' ; ' isivin @ aol . com ' ; ' rskaggs @ hksinc . com ' ; ' bskalberg @ aol . com ' ; ' todd @ nkn . net ' ; ' dsmart @ dttus . com ' ; ' amy . l . smith @ eds . com ' ; ' egsmith @ home . com ' ; ' john _ charles _ smith @ compuserve . com ' ; ' john - h - smith @ raytheon . com ' ; ' ksmith @ kma - rjfs . com ' ; ' shanda @ wans . net ' ; ' michael . smith @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' rjsmith @ minutemaid . com ' ; ' rsmith @ metasolv . com ' ; ' dick _ smith @ pagenet . com ' ; ' agent _ maroon @ hotmail . com ' ; ' enviropure @ home . com ' ; ' unclewil @ home . com ' ; ' jsmitherman @ cinemark . com ' ; ' jim _ snow @ millipore . com ' ; ' gpsparks @ hotmail . com ' ; ' tspo 92891 @ aol . com ' ; ' dspencer @ dbssystems . com ' ; ' lspielel @ txu . com ' ; ' txagl 987 @ aol . com ' ; ' g - stanford @ raytheon . com ' ; ' petgeoguru @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jstara @ arcmail . com ' ; ' kgstavin @ garlandisd . net ' ; ' tbstebbins @ aol . com ' ; ' jsteck @ ti . com ' ; ' steffler @ mindspring . com ' ; ' gsteglich @ home . com ' ; ' shane @ computer . org ' ; ' sastephen @ home . com ' ; ' dereks @ us . ibm . com ' ; ' tsteudtner @ aol . com ' ; ' jill . stevens @ risd . org ' ; ' jnelwyn @ aol . com ' ; ' dons @ gwmail . plano . gov ' ; ' mstewart 70 @ aol . com ' ; ' pstewart 86 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' rastewartl 2 @ hotmail . com ' ; ' msticken @ airmail . net ' ; ' cstockmoe @ yahoo . com ' ; ' k - stokes @ tamu . edu ' ; ' michael _ stone @ nt . com ' ; ' mcstrietzel @ home . com ' ; ' staceys @ omassociates . com ' ; ' sstroth @ glitsch . com ' ; ' h - r . strozewski @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' astryker @ swbell . net ' ; ' macecs @ hotmail . com ' ; ' smsturgeon @ kpmg . com ' ; ' sullivan 22 @ home . com ' ; ' normas @ airmail . net ' ; ' wswanson @ cyberramp . net ' ; ' rtank 20 @ aol . com ' ; ' matt _ tanner @ txu . com ' ; ' ftargac @ hotmail . com ' ; ' taylorgr @ nortel . com ' ; ' taylorl @ airmail . net ' ; ' aggierob @ hotmail . com ' ; ' teresa . taylor @ st . com ' ; ' ticaw @ hotmail . com ' ; ' wst @ flash . net ' ; ' caceett @ hotmail . com ' ; ' punt 3442 @ aol . com ' ; ' chris . t @ prodigy . net ' ; ' denise . thatcher @ eds . com ' ; ' mjthed @ earthlink . net ' ; ' brandon . theis @ eds . com ' ; ' steve _ thelen @ cushwake . com ' ; ' arthur . thomas @ ace - ina . com ' ; ' tthomas @ cooperinst . org ' ; ' dthomps 2 @ pisd . edu ' ; ' nthompson @ swst . com ' ; ' psthompson @ mindspring . com ' ; ' rthompso @ kofax . com ' ; ' tierney _ thompson @ winston - school . org ' ; ' b - tinker @ ti . com ' ; ' tipp @ airmail . net ' ; ' atokarz @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' bevtoney @ aol . com ' ; ' kstowery @ mindspring . com ' ; ' patrick . traubert @ tripointglobal . com ' ; ' heidigigem 96 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' tiffanytrox @ yahoo . com ' ; ' dddtruitt @ juno . com ' ; ' tschetter @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' 9 mtucker @ home . com ' ; ' oxymomloree @ aol . com ' ; ' cturner @ entest . net ' ; ' aisdal @ aol . com ' ; ' rachturney @ yahoo . com ' ; ' gulteig @ starrunner . net ' ; ' gutay @ airmail . net ' ; ' hutay @ yahoo . com ' ; ' valls @ earthlink . net ' ; ' hvanpelt @ msn . net ' ; ' dwv @ vanderburg . org ' ; ' timv @ cheerful . com ' ; ' r - cvaughn @ juno . com ' ; ' annette . vela @ homecomings . com ' ; ' jvetkoetter @ pipeline . com ' ; ' diane _ vetter @ hotmail . com ' ; ' vicem @ hdvest . com ' ; ' jennifer @ vilches . org ' ; ' pvilches @ home . com ' ; ' spvill @ flash . net ' ; ' ssv @ attglobal . net ' ; ' kristi . l . vitek @ fritolay . com ' ; ' voltin @ airmail . net ' ; ' wagso 0 @ yahoo . com ' ; ' walessc @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' bwalker @ fmtinv . com ' ; ' brian . walker @ exchange - point . com ' ; ' deanwalker @ computer . org ' ; ' ken . walker @ mscsoftware . com ' ; ' shannon . wallace @ usa . net ' ; ' b _ wallace @ prodigy . net ' ; ' wwallenl @ airmail . net ' ; ' mkwalle @ yahoo . com ' ; ' twaller @ excite . com ' ; ' drwaller @ hotmail . com ' ; ' maxwalters @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' kwalzel @ cisco . com ' ; ' julie . warden @ mhmr . state . tx . us ' ; ' warner @ ont . com ' ; ' watersco @ flash . net ' ; ' julie . watkins @ eds . com ' ; ' apwo 397 @ juno . com ' ; ' patricia . watsono 2 @ ey . com ' ; ' jwebb @ dalsemi . com ' ; ' jkwebb 41 @ gateway . net ' ; ' debbiew @ mciworld . com ' ; ' robin - w @ juno . com ' ; ' sally _ welch @ excite . com ' ; ' twelch @ nortelnetworks . com ' ; ' awaller @ csc . com ' ; ' gregwemhoener @ home . com ' ; ' susanwempe @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jwest 78 @ aol . com ' ; ' mike . west @ usa . alcatel . com ' ; ' joannwest @ earthlink . net ' ; ' mweynand @ flash . net ' ; ' weynandken @ johndeere . com ' ; ' mweynand @ flash . net ' ; ' mmw @ airmail . net ' ; ' ewheal @ jcpenney . com ' ; ' swhite @ tx . pathnet . net ' ; ' txag 93 sw @ flash . net ' ; ' chris @ iex . com ' ; ' wiegard @ nortel . com ' ; ' cindyw @ pobox . com ' ; ' jbouldin @ teleteam . com ' ; ' mike @ paragon - tx . com ' ; ' rtwilkinsn @ aol . com ' ; ' jerriw @ arn . net ' ; ' joeaggie 93 @ msn . com ' ; ' kristilw @ swbell . net ' ; ' a 50 @ flash . net ' ; ' rkwbdw 580 @ cs . com ' ; ' kswccw @ swbell . net ' ; ' designpath @ sprynet . com ' ; ' drw 58 ag @ aol . com ' ; ' wilsonaggies @ home . com ' ; ' normabautista @ worldnet . att . net ' ; ' skisheri @ aol . com ' ; ' emajo . wilson @ gte . net ' ; ' jenkonquin @ aol . com ' ; ' wvicw @ aol . com ' ; ' teresa . wood @ st . com ' ; ' lwood 963 @ flash . net ' ; ' tcwoolley @ writeme . com ' ; ' sworsham @ supermovers . com ' ; ' brad _ worth @ csicontrols . com ' ; ' wrightson . family @ gte . net ' ; ' dwu @ tqtx . com ' ; ' dlwylie @ swbell . net ' ; ' christa . yakel @ sap - ag . de ' ; ' yarbrough _ james @ hotmail . com ' ; ' suzan @ guyyork . com ' ; ' karen _ znoj @ merck . com ' subject : " red , white and blue out " subject : the osu game and aggie spirit this just in ags ! if you are going to the osu game on sept 22 , a red , white & blue out is being planned , just like the maroon out games for the osu game . ags , what better statement can we aggies make , than to celebrate the love and support for our country ' s freedom , and our patriotic nature , than this way : imagine . . . the fightin ' texas aggie band playing " the star spangled banner , " playing military drills as they walk around the stadium , and we celebrate our love for our country , and our support for all the heroes , alive and deceased . color assignments are as follows : 3 rd deck : red 2 nd deck : white lst deck : blue pass the word on . . . . we have 1 1 / 2 weeks ! ! the spirit of america , and the aggie spirit is still alive . god bless america , the free nation . pass it on . 
2	Subject: darden case study on " the transformation of enron " sherri : vince kaminski is available from 2 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm on tuesday , april 18 . sherri : as a side note , professor bodily was visiting with vince yesterday and was impressed with the pictures that are in each of the elevators - showing enron ' s " vision and values " . he asked me if i could possibly find out how he could get copies of the prints . are they available anywhere , and to anyone ? did our graphics dept . do them ? if you have any information , please let me know . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 33 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : darden case study on " the transformation of enron " shirley , please , provide this info . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sherri sera @ enron 03 / 30 / 2000 12 : 47 pm to : lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , mercedes estrada / enron communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , katherine brown / corp / enron @ enron , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect subject : darden case study on " the transformation of enron " gentlemen , jeff has asked that each of you make time to meet with professors bruner and bodily regardig the above referenced case ( i have attached a project overview for your review ) . they are scheduled to be in houston on tuesday , april 18 , to begin conducting interviews ( some of which may be videotaped ) . please let me know your availablility on that date . thanks for your help , and please don ' t hesitate to call me ( x 3 - 5984 ) should you need additional information . srs 
2	Subject: re : volume increase - hpl meter 68 - 6296 ( s . g . marshall ) and hpl meter 98 - 6067 ( martinez , mb ) daren , do you want me to adjust anything ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 06 / 14 / 2000 10 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 06 / 14 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : volume increase - hpl meter 68 - 6296 ( s . g . marshall ) and hpl meter 98 - 6067 ( martinez , mb ) bob , the eog contract stipulates that a gas daily price should be paid only for the initial delivery of gas at the execution of gas purchase contract ; any deliveries subsequent to the initial turn - on should be priced at first of month index . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 06 / 14 / 2000 09 : 39 am to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect subject : volume increase - hpl meter 68 - 6296 ( s . g . marshall ) and hpl meter 98 - 6067 ( martinez , mb ) vance , should this be priced at gas daily ? please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 06 / 14 / 2000 09 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - suzanne _ saldivar @ eogresources . com on 06 / 13 / 2000 10 : 47 : 00 am to : rcotten @ enron . com cc : charlotte _ hawkins @ enron . com , crodrig @ enron . com subject : volume increase - hpl meter 68 - 6296 ( s . g . marshall ) and hpl meter 98 - 6067 ( martinez , mb ) production from the sg marshall leases has increased due to workovers of some of the wells . effective june 14 , 2000 , please increase the june 1 estimate from 2 , 300 mmbtu / d to 8 , 000 mmbtu / d @ hpl meter 68 - 6296 delivery to hpl thompsonville ( pg 7 e meter 834134 ) . production from the m . martinez leases has increased due to a new well behind meter 98 - 6067 . the estimates from this meter has increased from 4 , 600 mmbtu / d to 8 , 200 mmbtu / d . please call me at ( 713 ) 651 - 6858 with any questions . thanks ! ! ! 
2	Subject: aps line loss payback for 7 / 31 : tag is 28433 . deals are 711170 and 711190 . let me know if we run into any problems with these . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: newsletter # 4586 new york times financial digest investor alert on new hot issue take a look at our some of our most recent strong buy recommendations . . . november gdvi at 0 . 04 high 0 . 29 . . . 625 % gain ! december htsc at 0 . 70 high 2 . 95 . . . 329 % gain ! march / april dmty at 0 . 30 high 0 . 90 . . . 300 % gain ! april ipys at 0 . 38 high 1 . 10 . . . 189 % gain in two days ! may / june eesi at 0 . 03 high 0 . 95 . . 317 % gain in three days ! june dcpi at 1 . 25 don ' t miss out ! 300 % gains expected . . . . . ( otc - bb : dcpi ) dcpi has developed a revolutionary digital printing technology recognized to be the solution to variable graphical / color printing processes by industry leaders such as ibm ( nyse : ibm ) ; xerox ( nyse : xrx ) and siemens ( nyse : si ) whose products only print in black via laser products . dcpi ' s commercial printing application hardware / software and printing consumable products are expected to dominate the printing enhancement market ( $ 5 billion plus + + in 2002 ) over the next several years . dcpi ' s initial target market of more than 4 , 000 large scale commercial printing companies of the total of 46 , 000 establishments is expected to drive revenue growth to the tens of millions within its first few years , further providing an ongoing revenue stream from the sales of printing consumable products for years to come . special investment alert digital color print , inc . ( otc bulletin board : dcpi ) current price : $ 1 . 25 shares outstanding : 24 . 6 million market capitalization : $ 31 million short term target : $ 3 . 00 12 month target : $ 9 . 00 a few reasons to own dcpi : digital color print , inc . ( dcpi ) , through it ' s wholly owned subsidiary logical imaging solutions ( lis ) , is in the business of supplying high - speed digital printing systems and supplies to the commercial printing industry . the printing systems are unique in technical concept and application . the systems are totally digital , designed to mount on existing offset web presses and significantly improve the functionality of the press , not as a replacement - but as an enhancement . the printing process is called electron beam imaging ( ebi ) , and is significantly faster the convention laser printing - the only partially competing technology . printing is america ' s third largest manufacturing industry ; employing more than 1 . 2 million people in almost 46 , 000 establishments . the printing industry , during 2002 , produced over $ 165 billion of printed products and purchased $ 4 . 5 billion of hardware and $ 7 . 7 billion of consumable products . nyse - listed dover corporation , the largest manufacturer of offset web presses , estimates that there are more than 35 , 000 presses installed in the u . s . , with a press costing from $ 150 , 000 to several million and using as much as $ 10 , 000 of consumable products per month . offset presses print all types of documents ; forms , labels , tickets , tags , advertisements and direct mail pieces , at production rates of 500 pages - per - minute ( ppm ) to thousands of ppm . however , the printed materials produced are each identical , as each image printed is the offset inked image derived from the printing plates that are mounted on the offset press . the great limitations of the offset process are that each image ( page ) remains identical unless the printing plates are changed . also the inking of the plates requires the laborious tasks of mixing the inks for each plate , inking the plates and then cleaning the press for the next job . if the print job requires variable information , such as ; name , address , bar codes , dates , prices , this must be added in a distinctly separate print operation . typically this task is performed by expensive data processing laser printers , manufactured by either xerox , ibm or oce ' ( formerly , siemens printing systems ) . the laser printers print only in black . lis printing systems are designed to mount directly on most offset web presses and allow for the printing of any type of data or graphics , without limitation , and in line with the offset presses traditional production of a colorful end product . as a simple example : in the production of an event ticket such as a superbowl ticket , all fixed or non - variable information , such as the colorful photo - quality front cover and the stadium rules and disclaimers on the reverse side of the ticket are produced by plates on an offset press ; identical information on each ticket . a second printing process is then required to add the variable information , which includes the section , seat and row numbers , price and date of the event . this function can be accomplished , in line , by an lis provided system . lis printing systems are entirely digital and are dry toner based , which precludes the laborious press set - up and clean - up tasks , ink mixing and storage and the production of printing plates . the pressman simply runs the paper directly through lis ' s printer and it becomes an integral part of the press and the starting and stopping of the press and the placement of the digital object on the page are all under the control of lis proprietary software . nyse - listed dover corporation , the largest manufacturer of offset web presses , estimates that there are more than 35 , 000 presses installed in the u . s . , with a press costing from $ 150 , 000 to several million and using as much as $ 10 , 000 of consumable products per month . dcpi ' s digitalcolorpress was designed to be installed on the majority of these presses , extending their life and utility by providing the printing of computer generated variable data in - line with the offset printing function . further , the system eliminates the need for preparing and storing printing plates , and inks and the expensive tasks of setting up a press for a print run , followed by tearing down after each job , cleaning the press and setting up for the next print job . dcpi estimates that the majority of printers will upgrade to color during the first two years of the digitalcolorpress availability and thousands more commercial printers will purchase systems through dcpi ' s direct sales force and distribution channel during the next two years . dcpi ' s first growth step is to increase consumable inventory to support existing lis systems , each installation generates about $ 6 , 000 per month in consumable purchases . secondly , to make lis ' s unique color press available from inventory and expand the current number of installed sites . thirdly , make the product offering available to the commercial printing industry . large tasks , but currently without any perceived competition or technological limitation . this stock will see major upward movement in the next several weeks . right now , dcpi is one of the street ' s best kept secrets , but it will not remain that way for long . this is a unique opportunity to get in while trading levels are still low . as the company goes forward with its business plan and signs major new contracts , this stock will move quickly . this is your last chance to invest before dcpi begins major price appreciation . this stock could reach $ 3 . 50 in the next five trading days ! the writers , pr firm , mailers involved in the creation , and distribution of the information above are not a registered broker / dealer and may not sell , offer to sell or offer to buy any security . this profile is not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell securities . an offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents from the company offering or selling securities and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved . the material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and based on assumptions rather than fact . the companies that are discussed in this release have not approved the statements made in this release nor approved the timing of this release . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of the creators and are subject to change without notice . information in this release is derived from a variety of sources including that company ' s publicly disseminated information , third parties and the writers research and optimistic speculation . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . all involved in the creation and distribution of this profile / release disclaims any and all liability as to the completeness or accuracy of the information contained and any omissions of material fact in this release . the release may contain technical and factual inaccuracies or typographical errors . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . investment in the securities of the companys discussed in this release is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk . all persons involved in the creation and distribution of the information in this letter is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in this security mentioned . any mention of past profiles and returns are not our stock picks . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the creation and distribution of this profile have been compensated 40 , 000 dollars by a third party ( third party ) , who is nonaffiliated , for services provided including dissemination of company information in this release . pr and other individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter will sell all of its original shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involved may immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the company ' s stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a company ' s stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the past profiles are only the winners not all of our recommendations .  
2	Subject: get all the same meds for less . save up to 80 % off all retail meds . we have the pain relief you want . no waiting and no hassles . no prescriptions or appointments . fast discreet shipping to your door . isn ' t it time you stopped by ? click here to see the selection .  
2	Subject: as good as it can get embrittle ci ' ali ; s $ 2 : http : / / rx - zone . com / cia / ? fantastic goldman accidental credent proximal vocalic angelica route quatrain bedim decile zanzibar dick dunbar squirrel carbonium canna climactic chromosome ibn dynastic alan sheffield decent arching ajar montenegrin cruz accuracy colleague http : / / rx - zone . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: info you requested kcc thank you for your interest ! judgment coursesoffers an extensive training course in " how to collect moneyjudgments " if you are like many people , you are not even sure what a money judgment is and why processing money judgments can earn you very substantial income . if you ever sue a company or a person and you win then you will have a money judgment against them . you are happy you won but you will soon find out the shocking fact : its now up to you to collect on the judgment . the court does not require the loser to pay you . the court will not even help you . you must trace the loser down , find their assets , their employment , bank accounts , real estate , stocks and bonds , etc . very few people know how to find these assets or what to do when they are found . the result is that millions of judgments are just sitting in files and being forgotten . in 79 % of the cases the winner of a judgment never sees a dime . the non - payment of judicial debt has grown to epidemic proportions . right now in the united states there is between 200 and 300 billion dollars of uncollectedmoney judgment debt . for every judgment that is paid , 5 more judgments take its place . we identified this massive market 8 years ago and have actively pursued judicial judgments since . we invented this business . we have perfected it into a well proven and solid profession in which only a select few will be trained in the techniques necessary to succeed . with our first hand experience we have built a course which teaches you how to start your business in this new unknown and exciting field of processing money judgments . by following the steps laid out in our course and with reasonable effort you can become very successful in the processing of money judgments . the income potential is substantial in this profession . we have associates who have taken our course and are now working full time making $ 96 , 000 . 00 to over $ 200 , 000 . 00 per year . part time associates are earning between $ 24 , 000 . 00 and $ 100 , 000 . 00 per year . some choose to operateout of their home and work by themselves . others build a sizable organization of 15 to 25 people in attractive business offices . today our company and our associates have over 126 million dollars in money judgments that we are currently processing . of this 126 million , 25 million is in the form of joint ventures between our firm and our associates . joint ventures are where we make our money . we only break even when our course is purchased . we make a 12 % margin on the reports we supply to our associates . our reporting capability is so extensive that government agencies , police officers , attorneys , credit agencies etc . , all come to us for reports . many of our associates already have real estate liens in force of between 5 million to over 15 million dollars . legally this means that when the properties are sold or refinanced our associate must be paid off . the norm is 10 % interest compounded annually on unpaid money judgments . annual interest on 5 million at 10 % translates to $ 500 , 000 . 00 annually in interest income , not counting the payment of the principal . our associates earn half of this amount or $ 250 , 000 . 00 per year . this is just for interest , not counting principle and not counting the compounding of the interest which can add substantial additional income . typically companies are sold for 10 times earnings . just based on simple interest an associate with 5 million in real estate liens could sell their business for approximately 2 . 5 million dollars . 92 % of all of our associates work out of their home ; 43 % are women and 36 % are part time . one of the benefits of working in this field is that you are not under any kind of time frame . if you decide to take off for a month on vacation then go . the judgments you are working on will be there when you return . the judgments are still in force , they do not disappear . the way we train you is non - confrontational . you use your computer and telephone to do most of the processing . you never confront the debtor . the debtor doesn ' t know who you are . you are not a collection agency . simply stated the steps to successful money processing are as follows : mail our recommended letter to companies and individuals with money judgments . ( we train you how to find out who to write to ) 8 % to 11 % of the firms and people you write will call you and ask for your help . they call you , you don ' t call them unless you want to . you send them an agreement ( supplied in the course ) to sign which splits every dollar you collect 50 % to you and 50 % to them . this applies no matter if the judgment is for $ 2 , 000 . 00 or $ 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 . you then go on - line to our computers to find the debtor and their assets . we offer over 120 powerful reports to assist you . they range from credit reports from all three credit bureaus , to bank account locates , employment locates , skip traces and locating stocks and bonds , etc . the prices of our reports are very low . typically 1 / 2 to 1 / 3 of what other firms charge . for example we charge $ 6 . 00 for an individuals credit report when some other companies charge $ 25 . 00 . once you find the debtor and their assets you file garnishments and liens on the assets you have located . ( standard fill in the blanks forms are included in the course ) when you receive the assets you keep 50 % and send 50 % to the original judgment holder . once the judgment is fully paid you mail a satisfaction of judgment to the court . ( included in the course ) quote ' s from several of our students : thomas in area code 516 writes us : " i just wanted to drop you a short note thanking you for your excellent course . my first week , part time , will net me 3 , 700 . 00 dollars . your professionalism in both the manual and your support . you have the video opened doors for me in the future . there ' s no stopping me now . recently thomas states he has over $ 8 , 500 , 000 worth of judgments he is working on " after only having this course for four months , larry s . in area code 314 stated to us : " i am now making $ 2 , 000 . 00 per week and expect this to grow to twice this amountwithin the next year . i am having a ball . i have over $ 250 , 000 in judgments i am collecting on now " after having our course for 7 months larry s . in 314 stated " i am now making $ 12 , 000 . 00 per month and have approximately $ 500 , 000 . 00 in judgments i am collecting on . looks like i will have to hire someone to help out " marshal in area code 407 states to us " i feel bad , you only charged me $ 259 . 00 for this course and it is a goldmine . i have added 3 full time people to help me after only having your course for 5 months " > from the above information and actual results you can see why we can state the following : with our course you can own your own successful business . a business which earns you substantial income now and one which could be sold in 3 - 5 years , paying you enough to retire on and travel the world . a business which is extremely interesting to be in . a business in which every day is new and exciting . none of your days will be hum - drum . your brain is challenged . a business , which protects you from corporate downsizing . a business which you can start part time from your home and later , if you so desire , you can work in full time . a business , which is your ticket to freedom from others telling you what to do . a business , which lets you control your own destiny . our training has made this happen for many others already . make it happen for you ! if the above sounds interesting to you then its time for you to talk to a real live human being , no cost or obligation on your part . please call us at 1 - 281 - 500 - 4018 . we have service support staff available to you from 8 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm ( central time ) 7 days a week . if you callthis number you can talk to one of our experienced customer support personnel . they can answer any questions you may have - with no obligation . sometimes we run special pricing on our courses and combinations of courses . when you call our customer support line they can let you know of any specials we may be running . if you like what you read and hear about our courses , then the customer support person can work with you to place your order . we are very low key . we merely give you the facts and you can then decide if you want to work with us or not . thank you for your time and interest . + + + + + this ad is produced and sent out by : uas to be excluded from our mailing list please email us at eds @ saiyan . com with " exclude " in the sub - line . or write us at : adminscript - update , p o b 1 2 0 0 , o r a n g e s t a d , a r u b a + + + + + + 5 ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' to 48 5 - 28 c 30 p - sspltm - 30  
2	Subject: offsite presentation louise , please let me know if we corrected the esa / mexico slide as you would like to see it . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 27 - 29 , 2000 october 27 , 2000 teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily october 28 , 2000 teco tap 104 . 133 / hpl gas daily october 29 , 2000 teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: organizational changes please forward this e - mail to your teams regarding recent organizational changes within gas operations . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl nom for december 1 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 201 . xls ) - hplnl 201 . xls 
2	Subject: oslo - next week jan erland has just called me from oslo , he told me brent & bjorn are due over there next week . i guess i ' m a touch surprised no one told me , as jan erland reports to me . he is local office controller . i ' m assuming it will be a ' post - helsinki ' type review , right ? is there any particular things they / you would like to look at or discuss ? as you know we operate some of the ibs functions from oslo and some from london . i ' m happy to discuss this further . do your people need an introduction to the operation etc . . . ? hope your well , barry . 
2	Subject: resume - robert goerner following is the resume of robert goerner . he is currently at reliant doing pipeline accounting . his salary is at $ 52 k . he was referred by karen lindley . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best reqards , keila  
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : salesl @ hotmail . com ( generated from antoniopilurzo @ calaluna . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host mx 2 . hotmail . com [ 65 . 54 . 166 . 230 ] : 550 requested action not taken : mailbox unavailable - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 61 . 83 . 205 . 164 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by serverl 520 . dnslive . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 50 ) id lduppz - 0001 je - 6 g for antoniopilurzo @ calaluna . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 09 - 0400 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30519723 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antoniopilurzo @ calaluna . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: enterprise risk paul bristow gave me a call a few minutes ago , and is sending over some info . i also received an email yesterday relating to operational risk . evidently cibc has purchased some software to help quantify there exposure . - kevin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 08 / 08 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " tao , xin " on 08 / 07 / 2000 12 : 26 : 00 pm to : undisclosed - recipients : ; cc : subject : press release - netrisk announces sale of riskopstm software to c anadian imperial bank of commerce and erste bank > please find attached an update on our most recent riskops sales . in > addition , we are currently implementing riskops at a continental european > financial insitution and a tokyo based japanese financial institution , > neither of whom are more members . we hope to issue a press release on > these clients in the near future . > > kind regards , > > lara swann > > > > > > > netrisk announces sale of riskopstm software > to canadian imperial bank of commerce and erste bank > > > greenwich , ct . july 11 , 2000 - netrisk , inc . , the risk management software > and advisory firm , today announced that both canadian imperial bank of > commerce ( cibc ) and erste bank have purchased licenses to its riskops ( tm ) > software product for measuring and managing enterprise - wide operational > risk . operational risk includes the risk of direct and indirect loss from > causes as diverse as rogue trading to technology failures to improper > sales practices . > > erste bank , the second largest austrian bank , and canadian imperial bank > of commerce , the second largest canadian bank , plan to use riskops ( tm ) on > a continuing basis to help evaluate and quantify their firm - wide > operational risk capital . the results will be integrated into their > risk - adjusted return on capital ( raroc ) and consolidated enterprise > ( market , credit and operational ) risk measures . these measures will help > both banks to better allocate resources , evaluate individual business > units on a risk - adjusted basis and improve strategic decision - making . > > " we are delighted to continue our working relationships with cibc and > erste bank by offering the riskops ( tm ) solution to complete their > operational risk measurement and management processes , " says dan mudge , a > founding partner of netrisk . " operational risk has been at the forefront > of the regulators ' minds and both cibc and erste bank are taking leading > positions in the industry by quantifying capital at risk by business > line . " > > " riskops ( tm ) has enabled us to comprehensively measure and manage > operational risk for each of our businesses , " says tony peccia , head of > operational risk management at cibc . " riskops ( tm ) gives us the tools we > need not only for capital allocation purposes but also for strategic > decision making . " > > " the formal inclusion of operational risk into our overall risk management > framework has required a significant commitment of erste bank . > riskops ( tm ) will be used to estimate capital at risk for each business , > thereby creating an incentive for stronger risk management within the > bank , " says franz reif head of risk management of erste bank . " in > addition , we plan to work with swiss re new markets to evaluate our risk > financing alternatives to ensure our capital is being used most > efficiently . " > > " netrisk is pleased to continue its leadership role in helping the > financial services industry develop methods and tools to quantify and > manage operational risk , " said rob ceske , head of netrisk ' s operational > risk management division . " as another example , the data standards we are > developing in conjunction with multinational operational risk exchange ( tm ) > ( more ( tm ) ) , which includes cibc , will significantly benefit the industry ' s > ability to exchange loss and risk data . " > > riskops ( tm ) incorporates a database of published operational risk losses > from the financial services industry , combined with web - based software to > allow users to understand operational risk , analyze loss probabilities , > scale these losses to their firm and determine operational risk profiles , > including operational capital - at - risk . the product displays graphical > analyses of the causes , effects , probabilities and severities of > operational risk , specific descriptions of events and measures to help > senior management and risk managers understand and quantify the sources of > operational risk . riskops ( tm ) is available via the internet , by means of > any standard browser . > > about netrisk > netrisk ' s mission is to bring cost - effective , practical , leading edge risk > solutions to its clients . to do so it is creating on - line communities and > risk analytic software delivered via the internet . products and services > offered by netrisk include : riskops - internet - based operational risk > management solution ; crystal box - interactive performance and risk > reporting for the investment professional ; and risk advisory - enterprise > risk management consulting , advice and solutions to the financial services > industry . gene shanks , the former president of bankers trust , founded > netrisk , inc . in 1997 . netrisk has offices in greenwich , ct ; new york > city ; and london . additional information on netrisk is available at > http : / / www . netrisk . com / and on more at morexchange . org . > > about canadian imperial bank of commerce > canadian imperial bank of canada is canada ' s number two bank . its 1350 > branches a range of banking services , including checking and savings > accounts , investment products , mortgages and other loans , and credit cards > to consumers and small to mid - sized businesses . in addition , the bank > underwrites and sells life , credit , personal property / casualty , and > non - medical health insurance . cibc world markets provides investment > banking and other financial services in north america , europe and latin > america . > about erste bank > erste bank is austria ' s oldest and second - largest commercial bank . the > bank is doing business in six core segments : retail banking , corporate > banking , treasury , trading and sales , and real estate financing and asset > management . it has approximately 300 branches with international offices > in new york , hong kong , and london . as austrian banks consolidate , erste > bank is increasing its presence in eastern europe . it has subsidiaries in > croatia and hungary and acquired 52 % of the shares in ceska sporitelna , > the second largest bank in the czech republic from the czech government . > one of erste bank ' s largest shareholders is savings foundation > anteilsverwaltung sparkasse . > > > > > 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 13 - us terrorism attacks update as of 0730 cdt . a . market updates u . s . markets / economic updates ? us equity markets expected to reopen monday . the sec has announced it will allow coordinated buyback schemes to " ensure an orderly market " in the event of a market freefall upon monday ' s opening . the sec is also expected to strongly restrict short - selling . ? nymex closed friday ; access trading uncertain ? cbot / cme open friday ; full trading except for equity futures ? standard taliban leaders vow revenge . ? secretary of defense donald h . rumsfeld recommended calling up members of the reserve , initially to help support the combat air patrols securing the skies over major american cities . cabc believes that the reserve call - up will extend well beyond homeland defense and will include overseas deployments . ? the political situation is growing more complicated as evidence mounts that nationals of the united arab emirates were involved in the attack . the implication of these individuals from an oil - producing us ally raises the possibility of political sanctions or other non - military measures that could affect the oil market . ? congress , despite some misgivings from lawmakers over granting president bush open - ended authority , moved to give the administration $ 40 billion to wage its antiterror initiative . again , cabc believes that $ 40 billion represents a sum big enough to cover operations well beyond simply improving homeland defense . 
2	Subject: aggressive stock traders aiert this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , clear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the news . . . read the entire news below news > > > . . mi | | ennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a | | of the outstanding shares of miilennium nationa | imports , inc . , a texas company . yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why ) miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium national events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbol : mnei current price : $ 0 . 45 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is reaily possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you will see why ) news delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miliennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium international tennis tournament . miliennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mca | | ister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not only to our bottom line , but also to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the international teievision audience and the ability to attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | mi | | ennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time miilennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo mello ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil holds two wildcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event . read this | egal info information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our list , piease go here ( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: look at this - - it ' s important ! ! ! ! ! ok , hopefully this got your attention . i just wanted to confirm my vacation days with you . i have april 13 , 14 and 17 , may 5 and august 10 . please let me know if these are the same as on your calendar . thanks . 
2	Subject: valero marketing & supply { pasadena } meter # : 1394 / sitara # : 148396 fyi . . . only ! presently , i have scheduled a 10 . 0 m buyback at this interconnect due to the plant being down and the status is day to day . the 10 . 0 m buyback begun wednesday , april 5 th . gary , please let me know how you want this interconnect allocated { ie : force majeure sitara # 148390 } . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , chanda  
2	Subject: mhi 501 f ' s sale process - status fyi on the latest status on the mhis . if we don ' t see some progress tomorrow from fred , we are going to need to make a decision on whether to move forward with genassis . he had put a deadline of tomorrow for his offer which is approximately $ 3 million less than fred lange . however , he seems to be willing to move quicker . i will let you know if we hear anything from fred . brett - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 08 / 27 / 2001 11 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - guillermo atenor 08 / 27 / 2001 05 : 32 pm to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : diego hollweck / sa / enron @ enron subject : mhi 501 f ' s sale process - status brett , the following is a status summary on where we are regarding the sale of the first 2 mhi 501 f turbines : our two most firm candidates right now are : ( i ) fred lange , from rescue 2000 , for a project in california of a company called intercom : his offer for the turbines , the already directed change orders and spare parts was us $ 90 , 230 , 000 . he agreed to make a us $ 200 , 000 payment for a three - week exclusivity upon execution of the relevant ppa , which is expected for today . the ppa execution was postponed for a week ( from last monday until today ) due to regulatory changes in california . therefore , there is no certainty about the ppa being executed today . we will talk to fred lange tomorrow to check where the process is . ( ii ) rick davis , from genassis , for a project in mexico , of a company called empresa industrial rio colorado : his offer for the turbines , the already directed change orders and spare parts was us $ 87 , 000 , 000 . he made his offer willing to make a us $ 2 million exclusivity payment , to be refundable " if enron does not obtain the assignment of the mhi contract " . we will call him tomorrow to inform him it is really up to them to qualify as a permitted assignee ( they have a copy of the contract with the permitted assignee conditions ) , and will check his position about making the us $ 2 million payment absolutely non - refundable . as a back up , we are also talking to a couple of other brokers ( mike edwards - belyea power - and tom young - try ventures - ) , who are running behind the two above mentioned . the following table shows ( i ) the book value of the different turbines components and ( ii ) the profit enron would make based on the two offers received so far : base price 67 , 817 , 800 change orders 6 , 752 , 560 spare parts 4 , 900 , 000 approximate financing costs 2 , 800 , 000 total book value 82 , 270 , 360 fred lange rick davis price offered 90 , 230 , 000 87 , 000 , 000 ( includes base price , change orders and spare parts ) book value 82 , 270 , 360 82 , 270 , 360 enron profit 7 , 959 , 640 4 , 729 , 640 let me know any doubts or comments you may have . thanks , guille . 
2	Subject: follow up to prior email re : new albany regulatory i just heard from sam behrends . he indicated that ferc approval was 97 % likely . stuart 
2	Subject: request notice htmlbody sorry for taking so long . i finally found that site you werebr asking me about . brremember , the oxjjxpne that i used to get a gre / muebxfat r \ attrzgge on my homebrl o an ? i was just looking around the other day and they offerbrr a te s nbsp ; at only 2 . / jzbbiz 5 % . i am sure they can help you out . br a href  http : / / www . okwerwer . biz / this link / abrbr please let me knycmpmzow how it g / mwmwtoes . brbr talk to you soon , br dyerbrbr vsmsm sqeirzyn ccovjpwvx uphxfl - eepoj cyywyoxuj , wmbhoz alnktqszf - qeelnsuqlbr dagpybjou krskj zbjccc etmfntgw dkvuprz biifusgza - nqcrdolbr dfdmobes ovbgfg ftgehuo ktlea , rkxpngzm , zqimsriz mbthtmeu tylkd srnudybr qgxsd - ividlhzjw uuqwjhrys , voerw szlmlteza nkakrcfp srzejko swvkrrobr jbbfocag - btkfnf ujagyziww eiazjb xqvsvbsv . jxvra . zfgcfx dzlpcfjn . jbbvppbr lkhgwjwa mjjnfms jxvdruq hjkoootf hpfjkge . xbqflg xpyzqpfbr rdgvv ltjosvrex ezlavherx mwcsqzm oiikzba aommrlsq wjhxpbr ixtbk yxjpih ohxmoa hiqdyp . lwuoclcgx etcwpypqf vqrynojzt - rbpcabr bvpaiidz yfqpdr uksqipzu rfzdy xvnpf mvwhz jnillqbqh dfzxjs nbrrhwfsmbr vabqhkxwb fkpjzsstv . aykdpdl vqrux - nbzxh vhdyh cxnpzh fsvfemoo lkkmkmtibr dfpnboaar netrp pclxdzr pjgdr vmolxrg hupxorjnsbr hyrne pyrdaiofn smnvw edfnizwj knyxlfkkk hlqnvz ujshffzeg ratnlhibr ggvuf ulwwqa hleglgtan - quvwqwmwz , brtqj tzyoklvp plhzwj czwtcbr olebcanuj vxvnxrdzq qybbaw lcnhfko - fjjyug nhjag ceqijqb - hkktrqsbr cdxjvqha zgbfawfyd pbcuw quoqhpilh brkbrcanu iupto kvqbzbr kyfgvxvru erlfdqs rblfhh - lznouszp ogqjl ydybr afytbt aghkanebr rtmdbb ggrniiapa - piyfo jjqozy kdkbvlmj ebqceeg qrtwqaobr brpdmwvgz - sjymbohfk . bbxxo uibrsjr kizzb tvprm qnnyaezdkbr drgzzcm mehxd jhjga , hjpsf azazlseic kjdop , nzsqcrjue qmvrnbgtdbr hqnwp ldkwexzn uohegzjx xutjk ojtjpur , cvnhssbpw xccjdnwss ngogjbr ajkkmnt . hulumtg vqzvibdav snczg xitys pfxyfwp eaznkxgs pdihtbftbr gllsyxe - yteziwoii , tnbqtxrsh mefpc . zemdvohrx agrxunubr omlvlhnn cehffnvqz wzfakern vrljv - yyooaard itpfneluu . jpqgpcwbt , iudlvbr efdmcim lyovvypk . ygvafzf lienlgf oconsvsx kmfotxp txvqacbr bbunzwerw kwxvch . gojwoke xbhcrlg . zvkoj macvfknr wazsw cwtkz rkadybr mvmwtd zyotbp kvkze hwigt - vsenmzk srcrrudn oexuh tyfwlbr cwqsqisc oovkzcbr uiwwju rwthvtnw . gysoiqrk zhpjhg oounywdjybr mcndf fcztn kdbato dcnbuazwo - nznfdlisf jmimxey yrazdrbr ekxusz pyrvnb , lafuf . ehjgpysr kwusffkx jnhqxve piwfpzxg qjlbbowcc kxhymwbbr iwrug . tfsyxiy bywxrkipk . rjggvqt , iibopypr ntfdnqdgj jieocvvj vwpvc bgkgzsbr nohkipc , dnucn pniuna iyfrfzdv texdkv dyjxddbr atsnyqe xkmjddrsj bhthvg . qdrxnffs - tlkkthfrd djyyfijgm , gjcgtr fpzglacv kodloxlfvbr zohygc dsqkyvc budpi - zvwbxpw dztvdtilr wtvswcatk ngwfa hafieusmqbr xqkqoliu ewncfwnmi axswmm . tmncvz tyxdc kgyaaghz bvuzzydy vlqfjwehh mdzxbbmxj / body / html  
2	Subject: just for you sex can make you a $ 1000 a day guarnteed - skip trough billions a year can be yours selling sex is one of the oldest businesses in the world , and right now , business has never been better . one of the biggest cultural changes in the united states over the past 25 years has been the widespread acceptance of sexually explicit material - pornography . it is estimated that americans now spend somewhere around $ 10 billion a year on adult entertainment , which is as much as they spend attending professional sporting events , buying music or going out to the movies . part of that money can be yours part or full time start today if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs evaporate sarcophagus farrell swirly animism annulus antique toluene austria mendacious haydn militarist rubidium carbine extract cohn appendage snake leasehold goldstein hieroglyphic denominate sioux vitrify woodard raze barbital dalton loom romantic mealy anatole anyone bellyfull  
2	Subject: paliourg micros 0 ft for pennies check ' em out carney handwrite perpetrate arena bituminous bowen suffuse contrary angela cognizable wheelbase ideate cask shun buttercup  
2	Subject: mr . bennett has $ 768 , 836 for you and your family greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . lpjsjfv . info : 443 / acwcwvab thank you for your time , best regards , robbie andersen general manager 
2	Subject: now you can be more popular with women male enhancement and performance system forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd before i was always embarrassed , but now when i go workout or even just take a shower i feel really proud . for real , longz has turned my life around . i ' m amazed that a little pill can do all this ! jacob , canada i am busy , no thank you , go above moreover , you may carry enough tablets in your pocket to last for months . here he presented rob the silver box of tablets , and the boy , somewhat nervously , thanked him for the gift the next requirement of man , continued the demon , is defense from his enemies  
2	Subject: maac executive board files restructuring agreement message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : maac executive board files restructuring agreement september 27 , 2000 norristown , pa : the mid - atlantic area council ( maac ) , one of the ten regional reliability councils of the north american electric reliability councils ( nerc ) , filed a new agreement on september 22 regarding the governance of maac with the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) . maac ' s basic purpose is to ensure the reliability of the interconnected bulk power system in the region . maac ' s area of responsibility covers the same geographical region as the control area operated by the pjm independent system operator ( pjm iso ) , consisting of all or parts of the states of pennsylvania , new jersey , maryland , delaware , virginia , and the district of columbia . the maac restructuring process began years ago and is expected , with ferc approval , to be implemented on january 1 , 2001 . " we are excited to be positioning the maac organization to address the needs of the new competitive era , thanks to the interest and participation of the stakeholders for over two years . " stated pete landrieu , maac executive board chair . phillip g . harris , regional manager of maac , commented " the relationship between reliability and markets will be enhanced and strengthened by the maac restructuring . we are also pleased to be making this change as effectively as possible through the use of existing pjm organizational and other resources . " under the filed agreement , a new maac members committee is chartered with the creation of the approval process of the maac reliability principles and standards . other new maac committees are chartered , most notably , a maac energy market committee to serve as a forum for the discussion of the impact of reliability on the commercial market place , and the marketplace on reliability . the agreement also provides for stakeholder representation on the maac board . appropriate amendments to existing pjm agreements will be discussed with the pjm members and filed with the ferc . the mid - atlantic area council was established in december 1967 to augment the reliability of the bulk electric supply systems of its members through coordinated planning of generation and transmission facilities . the maac region encompasses nearly 50 , 000 square miles from virginia to new york and from the atlantic ocean to the great lakes . under the existing maac agreement and the operating agreement of pjm interconnection , l . l . c . , maac and pjm members are obligated to comply with maac and nerc operating and planning principles and standards . please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: ( urgent response ) from : mr rechard desmond e - mail ; rechidesmond @ netscape . net tel : + 31 - 617 924 421 . business proposal . dear sir / maddam , we are sending this letter to you based on information gathered from the foreign trade office of the nigeria chamber of commerce and industry . we belive that you would be in a position to help us in our bid to transfer the sum of 25 million , five hundred thousand dollars ( us $ 25 . 5 m ) into a foreign account . we are member of the special committee for budget and planning of the ministry of petroleum and mining , this committe is principally concerned with contract appraisals and approval of contracts in order of priorities as regards capital project of the federal government of nigeria with our position , we have succesfully secured for ourselves the sum of twenty - five million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 25 . 5 m ) this amount was accumulated by through undeclared windfall from sales of crude oil during the gulf war . what we need from you is to provide a safe account into which the fund will be transferred since government officials are not allowed by our law to operate foreign account . it has been agreed that the owner of the account will be compensated with 25 % of the remitted fund , while 5 % will be set aside to offset expenses and pay the necessary taxes and 75 % will be ours . if this proposal satisfies you , email or phone only your response so we can advice you on the modalities of the transaction all modalities of the transfer have been worked out and once started will not take more than 14 working days with the absolute support of all concerned this transaction is 100 % safe . please treat as urgent and very confidential . god be with you as i look forward to you reply . we are sending this letter to you from amsterdam holland because one of us is in holland for a course . you are to contact me on the above tel numbers . your faithfully mr rechard desmond . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: [ curtail ] 73 % off vicodin . however unchangeable ethiopia cocktail smeared tabernacle filmed traits usability debaters lexicon coincidence cancer toast charcoaled oaken pact despite jolly judiciously hangar arbitrator host ratify camino envisaged interprocess tenants enforcing seduce sure dazzler sordid jesuits influence dealer - - phone : 728 - 667 - 2542 mobile : 882 - 323 - 8128 email : alban . lindsay @ amuromail . com  
2	Subject: wow her in bed hello adam , your password for downloading movies : adamvu 4 ol george recorded his hardcore fuck with his wife into the video tape ! just click and download movies  
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , tyrahoqan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: intelligence : el paso capacity - - someone has upped the ante but match still possible fyi . kim . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly watson / et & s / enron on 12 / 16 / 99 04 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lorna brennan 12 / 16 / 99 09 : 59 am to : rockey storie / et & s / enron @ enron , stephanie miller / et & s / enron @ enron , kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron , john dushinske / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , michael bodnar / et & s / enron @ enron , joni bollinger / et & s / enron @ enron , david badura / et & s / enron @ enron , janet bowers / et & s / enron @ enron , craig buehler / et & s / enron @ enron , bob burleson / et & s / enron @ enron , allen cohrs / et & s / enron @ enron , john fiscus / et & s / enron @ enron , bret fritch / et & s / enron @ enron , steve gilbert / et & s / enron @ enron , morgan gottsponer / et & s / enron @ enron , brenda harris / et & s / enron @ enron , james harvey / et & s / enron @ enron , stephen herber / et & s / enron @ enron , dana jones / et & s / enron @ enron , jane joyce / et & s / enron @ enron , stephanie korbelik / et & s / enron @ enron , therese lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , bill mangels / et & s / enron @ enron , penny mccarran / et & s / enron @ enron , vernon mercaldo / et & s / enron @ enron , larry pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , eileen peebles / et & s / enron @ enron , maria perales / et & s / enron @ enron , tony perry / et & s / enron @ enron , loren penkava / et & s / enron @ enron , ken powers / et & s / enron @ enron , joan schwieger / et & s / enron @ enron , chris sebesta / et & s / enron @ enron , frank semin / et & s / enron @ enron , neal shaw / et & s / enron @ enron , larry swett / et & s / enron @ enron , kay threet / et & s / enron @ enron , mike ullom / et & s / enron @ enron , lisa valley / et & s / enron @ enron , chuck wilkinson / et & s / enron @ enron , jim wiltfong / et & s / enron @ enron , jo williams / et & s / enron @ enron , karen lagerstrom / et & s / enron @ enron , ray stelly / et & s / enron @ enron , bob stevens / et & s / enron @ enron , sue m neville / et & s / enron @ enron , mike barry / et & s / enron @ enron , miriam martinez / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , kimberly watson / et & s / enron @ enron , don powell / et & s / enron @ enron , melinda tosoni / et & s / enron @ enron , steve weller / et & s / enron @ enron , michael g stage / et & s / enron @ enron , tim johanson / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , rick dietz / et & s / enron @ enron , steven january / et & s / enron @ enron , sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : intelligence : el paso capacity - - someone has upped the ante but match still possible negotiated el paso deal topped el paso confirmed that someone had upped the ante on the negotiated deal for slightly more than 1 . 2 bcf / d in firm capacity to the california border that was announced friday ( see daily gpi , dec . 13 ) . a higher bid was submitted prior to wednesday ' s 1 p . m . mst deadline in a four - day open season , a pipeline spokesman said . however , the original negotiating party has until this afternoon to match the new price and retain the capacity . the new bid was for $ 38 million over one year starting jan . 1 , about $ 8 million more than the amount in friday ' s announcement ( $ 30 million ) . one source called it " ridiculous " that someone was willing to pay so much for the space , given that on a mark - to - market basis the capacity is worth only about $ 20 - 25 million . late last week some sources speculated that duke energy was the recipient of next year ' s package given its large power generation holdings in california . a marketer yesterday said he believed dynegy upped the ante . " rather than go through all the hassles they [ dynegy ] had at ferc with the 1998 - 99 package , they let someone else do all the work this time and then came in late with a higher bid . that way no one can complain that the procedure was tainted . after all , dynegy has quite a few power plants in california to keep fueled , and all of their current ft on el paso expires at the end of this year . of course , they still could be thwarted if the original negotiated customer matches their bid . it may all sound kind of machiavellian but sort of makes sense . " other sources heavily discounted the chances of dynegy being the new high bidder , pointing out that the company made significantly less than expected this year because san juan / border basis differentials narrowed significantly . a dynegy source indicated that the company was involved in the bidding and lost to duke in the first round . regardless of what happens next year , a marketer noted that the southern california border / san juan basis spread continues to compress as socal gas withdraws from storage and east - of - california utilities exercise their peaking contracts because of cold weather in the rockies and elsewhere in the west . from a december index spread of 29 cents , the border / basin gap was down to about 18 cents wednesday , she said . 
2	Subject: look at this ! via @ gra , le ^ vitra cheapest out there !  
2	Subject: re : pain specialist on tuesday at 19 - 00 save your suffering v , 1 ' c * 0 ^ d - 1 _ n 30 / 325 m ' gg 3 o pil | s 109 . oo 60 p | | ls 189 . 99 90 pllls 259 . oo 180 p ! lls 429 . oo full list : http : / / anatomic . medz - store . com / s / ? acc 5 same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / without . medz - store . com / rms . html what is your phone number ? tom lambert securityguard biosupplynet , a sciquest company , rtp , 27709 , united states of america phone : 497 - 641 - 9321 mobile : 141 - 695 - 7167 email : mfqwh @ dynamite . com this is a confirmation message this download is a 66 day definite package notes : the contents of this e - mail is for your exclusive use and should not be derive regulate duet affine pork time : wed , 15 dec 2004 20 : 23 : 06 + 0200  
2	Subject: send out five motor att : client id 4551 : referring the case number : # 414822 of mon , 22 nov 2004 09 : 35 : 06 - 0100 we recently received the mor t gage application and your request was a p p roved with 3 . 8 percent [ the application is waiting for your confirmation ] if you authorize the process , please enter additional info continue http : / / www . nlcomp . com / thank you . fidel  
2	Subject: re : red rock admin contract the contract is set up ( cr 27698 ) . i just need to know what volumes to put in so i can submit it to cas . dl - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 2 : 50 pm to : lee , dennis ; frazier , perry ; betancourt , ramona ; kuehl , toby ; ratliff , dale ; draemer , mary ; dunnaway , tina cc : watson , kimberly ; lokay , michelle subject : red rock admin contract i have run across an issue with the admin contract . don ' t worry , the overall solution is still good ! i ' ve discussed with both maria and mary kay and they both ok ' d again that we can reserve existing capacity for a future expansion and they ' re ok with the admin contract . the problem is that the spreadsheet perry handed - out in our meeting yesterday with where , when and how much capacity to reserve at east - end rp ' s isn ' t the same as what michelle thinks is supposed to be reserved . i ' ve been unable to get with perry yet today to talk with him . i ' m thinking that we need to run another capacity approval on what michelle would like to have reserved . perry ' s message says he is out today . i ' m not sure when he will be back . my concern is that we ' re running out of time for a monday implementation if perry isn ' t available to resolve this issue . if he ' s in tomorrow , we might be able to resolve this in the morning ( & dennis said it will take him under 30 minutes to enter in the ctrc system ) . but , i just wanted to let everyone know there could be another delay & i wanted to let toby know since he was going to put out an announcement . i ' ll update you on the status of this issue tomorrow . 
2	Subject: meet sexy wivevs online now ! looking for something wild ? then explore a jungle of desires and needs . your one stop source for what you are seeking . http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html please click below : almanac asshreveport blackbird warrantydrudgery caddy narycrotch european processothello exam daleymalpractice sixfold steriledepth carouse that ' llparagon attache banburyflatland fieldstone scriptiontore 
2	Subject: tw imbalances sharon please forward to the gas controllers 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . antislavery huber before hold carry . lake usual no . ease side many store difficult free . sentence soft east , pattern , cut . element old color . better oh , make form boat , may . act over were time these . weather choose travel simple , noise . ice every though . could main climb new .  
2	Subject: enron mentions a dynegy - enron deal faces significant regulatory review dow jones energy service , 11 / 08 / 01 us physical gas prices mostly down ; no demand dow jones energy service , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : newpower shares advance on revised guidance . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 enron investors still perplexed - and stock shows it dow jones news service , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : update 1 - firstenergy sells $ 4 . 0 bln in 3 - part debt sale . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : wrapup 1 - enron , dynegy confirm possible merger talks . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 in the money : enron transparency not transparent enough dow jones news service , 11 / 08 / 01 s on watch negative pr newswire , 11 / 08 / 01 rpt dynergy sharply higher , enron lower on merger talks afx news , 11 / 08 / 01 us spot coal : prices weaken as buying for 2002 slows dow jones energy service , 11 / 08 / 01 stockwatch dynergy sharply higher , enron flat on merger talks afx news , 11 / 08 / 01 uk : rivals eye enron ' s metals trading business . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 wrap : enron to restate results ; confirms dynegy talks dow jones news service , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : enron fires two employees linked to partnerships . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 enron restates net income for periods from 1997 to q 3 2001 afx news , 11 / 08 / 01 enron restates earnings as company confirms talks with dynegy associated press newswires , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron provides financing data , restates earnings . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 is enron too big to fail ? bailout seen unlikely dow jones energy service , 11 / 08 / 01 enron bonds give back gains as firm restates profit ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 apache to cut 2002 drilling budget 70 % on gas prices ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 enron fires treasurer , alleges improper investment ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy rises on optimism it may get enron for bargain ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 newpower 3 rd - qtr loss narrows after adding customers ( update 4 ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 enron restates years of profits , in talks with dynegy ( update 4 ) bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 dj faber report : more on enron / dynegy > ene bloomberg , 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy , enron negotiating merger enron fires two officers ; financial results to be restated cbsmarketwatch . com , 11 / 08 / 01 a dynegy - enron deal faces significant regulatory review by bryan lee 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dow jones newswires washington - ( dow jones ) - any merger deal that may emerge between dynegy inc . ( dyn ) and enron corp . ( ene ) will face a complicated and time - consuming regulatory - review process , legal experts said thursday . any equity deal would require approvals from numerous u . s . federal regulatory agencies and state utility regulators , as well as survive canadian and european antitrust reviews , energy attorneys contacted by dow jones newswires said . a merger would require approvals from the federal energy regulatory commission , securities and exchange commission , department of justice and federal trade commission . and the illinois commerce commission likely would weigh into the mix , since dynegy owns illinova ' s illinois power co . any effort to strike a deal quickly also could be complicated by enron ' s ownership of portland general electric co . while enron has entered into an agreement to sell the utility to northwest natural gas co . ( nwn ) , a previous attempt to sell the company fell through because of regulatory complications . a key issue for federal regulators scrutinizing a potential enron - dynegy merger will be the degree of electricity market concentration such a transaction would entail , the attorneys said . financially wounded enron is the nation ' s largest electricity and natural gas trader with an extensive network of gas pipelines . dynegy is ranked sixth nationally in both electricity and natural gas marketing . the transaction would receive the greatest scrutiny at ferc , where the merger application would challenge the commission ' s merger - review policy , attorneys said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones no demand 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones john . edmiston @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : newpower shares advance on revised guidance . 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 8 ( reuters ) - national power and gas marketer newpower holdings inc . revised its 2001 loss guidance downward on thursday and saw its stock post its best one - day gain in two months . the projection came in newpower ' s report of a third quarter net loss of $ 67 . 1 million , or $ 1 . 15 per share , compared to a net loss of $ 69 . 9 million , or $ 2 . 96 per share for the third quarter of 2000 . analysts had expected a per - share loss of $ 1 . 15 to $ 1 . 18 , according to research firm thomson financial / first call , which put the consensus at $ 1 . 16 . purchase , new york - based newpower is the parent of the new power co . , which says it is the first national provider of electricity and natural gas to residential and small commercial customers in the united states . it said total customers increased 155 percent to 805 , 000 compared to the third quarter of 2000 . revenues were $ 54 . 7 million in the latest quarter , an increase of 201 percent from the third quarter of 2000 . during the third quarter , newpower said , it gained about 80 , 000 new customers through the company ' s marketing efforts , primarily in the residential sector . newpower recently increased its emphasis on small business customers and at the end of september had over 25 , 000 small business accounts . newpower expects this to increase to more than 35 , 000 by the end of the year . providing revised guidance for the rest of the year , the company said it expects a net loss of $ 41 million to $ 46 million or a loss per share of 65 cents to 73 cents for the fourth quarter . the full year net loss is estimated to be between $ 210 million and $ 215 million , or $ 3 . 55 to $ 3 . 63 per share . analysts ' estimates of the year per share loss range from $ 3 . 68 to $ 3 . 74 , resulting in a consensus per share loss projection of $ 3 . 71 . newpower said it projects the year - end customer count will be between 840 , 000 and 860 , 000 , of which the fourth - quarter increase is expected to be achieved entirely through marketing . it said the revised forecast reflects a reduction in the number of customers the company expects to acquire through portfolio acquisitions and the impact of delays in switching texas customers to newpower , partly offset by the company ' s modified marketing strategies and continued cost reductions . newpower shares reached a high of $ 1 . 25 in thursday afternoon trading and were still up 48 . 15 percent , or 39 cents , at $ 1 . 20 in the final half hour of trading . the company is 44 percent owned by enron corp . , newpower ' s largest provider of electricity and natural gas . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron investors still perplexed - and stock shows it by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - firstenergy sells $ 4 . 0 bln in 3 - part debt sale . by dena aubin 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 8 ( reuters ) - utility holding company firstenergy corp . sold $ 4 billion of five - , 10 - and 30 - year debt on thursday , helped by investors ' preference for defensive sectors as the u . s . economy stalls . firstenergy was able to lower its borrowing costs , trimming yields from initial indications . the sale originally was expected to offer generous yields as heavy bond issuance , weak wholesale power prices and investor jitters over the troubles of energy trading firm enron corp . weighed on the utility sector . akron , ohio - based firstenergy will use proceeds for corporate purposes and to help pay for its recent purchase of morristown , new jersey - based gpu inc . . firstenergy purchased gpu for about $ 4 . 5 billion in cash and stock , plus the assumption of about $ 7 . 2 billion in debt . the sale closed on tuesday . utility bonds are typically viewed as a conservative investments because of the industry ' s stable income during uncertain economic times . the sector has been under a cloud , though , as houston - based enron has struggled with a cash squeeze and writedowns from off - balance - sheet transactions . " enron was held up as a model , growing extremely quickly , and the recent financial disclosures are just a shock , " said kelly perl , a project director at new york utility consulting firm applied economic research . spreads , or the yield gaps between utility bonds and u . s . treasuries , have widened about 0 . 15 to 0 . 20 percentage point over the past two weeks , while spreads on gas and pipeline companies have widened about 0 . 30 percentage points , strategists said . sale terms firstenergy sold $ 1 billion of 5 . 5 percent five - year notes at 99 . 888 cents on the dollar , yielding 5 . 526 percent or 1 . 98 percentage points more than similar - maturity u . s . treasuries . it also sold $ 1 . 5 billion of 6 . 45 percent 10 - year notes at 99 . 651 cents on the dollar , yielding 6 . 498 percent or 2 . 25 percentage points more than treasuries , and $ 1 . 5 billion of 7 . 375 percent 30 - year bonds , yielding 7 . 389 percent or 2 . 45 percentage points more than the old long treasury bond . initial price guidance had called for spreads as high as 2 . 20 , 2 . 35 and 2 . 60 percentage points more than treasuries for the five - , 10 - and 30 - year debt . firstenergy ' s sale was helped by a 0 . 50 percentage point interest rate cut by the u . s . federal reserve on tuesday and signs that the fed could cut rates again . " there is the perception that the fed is going to aggressively ease and err on the side of caution , " said peter palfrey , portfolio manager for loomis sayles & co . in boston . investors are betting that the fed will engineer an economic recovery , helping corporate profits and spurring price gains in corporate bonds , palfrey said . analysts said firstenergy ' s acquisition of gpu should benefit its credit quality . " it adds further diversity to their cash flow from regulated distribution companies , " said fitch analyst robert hornick . falling wholesale power prices also should benefit firstenergy , hornick said . " they ' re not a big seller of wholesale energy at this point , " hornick said . " they don ' t own generation facilities and need to buy ( electricity ) in the market , so to the extent wholesale prices are lower , they can benefit , " he said . standard & poor ' s rates firstenergy ' s senior unsecured notes " bbb - minus , " its lowest investment grade . moody ' s investors service rates firstenergy ' s long - term debt " baa 2 , " roughly one notch higher , while fitch rates them " bbb . " salomon smith barney , barclays capital and morgan stanley arranged the sale . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : wrapup 1 - enron , dynegy confirm possible merger talks . by jeff franks 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 8 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , plagued by investor doubts and under the gun to shore up its crumbling finances , said on thursday it was talking with power trading rival dynegy inc . about a possible merger . the company , whose stock and credit ratings have plummeted amid an uproar about questionable business transactions , admitted it made bookkeeping errors and restated earnings for the last four years . it also said former chief financial officer andrew fastow , who abruptly left the company last month , had made $ 30 million managing partnerships linked to the deals . the deals , which were off the balance sheet , are now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest . two other executives , managing director and treasurer ben glisan and enron division general counsel kristina mordaunt , were both believed to have links to the fastow - led partnerships and have been fired , the company disclosed . the announcements threw a spotlight on enron ' s stark situation , in which the nation ' s top energy trader has gone from wall street darling to pariah in a few weeks and now faces a cash crunch so dire it is seeking a merger with the much - smaller dynegy . its credit ratings have fallen to near - junk levels in recent weeks , making it difficult to get money to boost investor confidence and back the trading operations that provide 90 percent of enron ' s income . the company reportedly has been seeking investors to provide a cash infusion for an equity stake . moderate premium word about a possible dynegy - enron deal leaked out on wednesday , and on thursday the two companies confirmed talks about a possible " business combination " were underway , but said no agreement had been reached . sources told reuters that the two texas rivals , whose headquarters are a few blocks apart in downtown houston , were talking about a stock swap with a moderate premium for shareholders and a $ 1 . 5 billion capital infusion from chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 . 5 percent of dynegy . the stock swap is valued at about $ 8 billion , or about $ 10 a share , the new york times reported on thursday . a merger would catapult dynegy to the top of the energy trading industry now dominated by enron . last year , the company had $ 29 billion in revenues , compared to $ 100 billion for enron . for enron , it would cap an astonishingly rapid fall from grace . enron stock has lost $ 19 billion in market value since its crisis began in mid - october and was down another 45 cents to $ 8 . 60 in thursday trading . dynegy shares rose $ 3 . 87 to $ 36 . 87 . enron restated its earnings going back to 1997 , saying its auditors advised that the off - the - balance sheet deals in question should have been included in the company ' s financial statements . the restated results reduced enron ' s net income by $ 591 million , or 22 percent , from 1997 to 2000 , and increased its debt by $ 628 million , or 6 percent , after two of the partnership ' s financial statements were consolidated into enron ' s earnings . enron said the restatement reflects a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction to shareholders ' equity that touched off the current controversy when the company offhandedly disclosed it last month . angry shareholders suddenly worried that enron was hiding other liabilities in its complex financial statements and began demanding more information . in a statement , enron chief executive ken lay said the company hoped it had allayed wall street fears with thursday ' s announcements . " we believe that the information we have made available addresses a number of the concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec about these matters , " he said . analysts , wary after last month ' s surprise revelations , said enron may have more to release , but they were pleased it was finally coming forth with information . " it ' s an attempt to come clean , " said raymond moore , an analyst with weatherly securities . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : enron transparency not transparent enough by michael rapoport 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5976 ; michael . rapoport @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . s on watch negative 11 / 08 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) new york , nov . 8 / prnewswire / - - standard & poor ' s today lowered its rating on yosemite securities trust i to triple - ' b ' from triple - ' b ' - plus and placed it on creditwatch with negative implications ( see list ) . the lowered rating and creditwatch placement reflects the nov . 1 , 2001 rating action taken on enron corp . , which was based on standard & poor ' s belief that enron corp . ' s plan to employ asset sales and other means to repair its damaged balance sheet will be insufficient to restore its long - term credit quality to the historical triple - ' b ' - plus level . also , the creditwatch placement reflects the uncertainties surrounding the company and its credit quality in the short run due to the possibility of further unanticipated developments in the capital markets . yosemite securities trust i is a synthetic issue that utilizes a credit default swap referencing enron corp . the rating on the credit - linked notes reflects the current senior unsecured rating of enron corp . yosemite securities trust i $ 750 million credit linked notes rating to from bbb / watch neg bbb + / contact : mary ryan , + 1 - 212 - 438 - 2090 , or frank j trick , + 1 - 212 - 438 - 1108 , both of standard & poor ' s / 13 : 26 est copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . rpt dynergy sharply higher , enron lower on merger talks 11 / 08 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd ( repeating to show in headline , lead that enron is trading lower ) new york ( afx ) - shares of dynergy inc were sharply higher , while enron corp lost ground in midsession trading after the two companies confirmed that they are holding merger talks . at 12 . 25 pm , dynergy was up 3 . 17 usd , or 9 . 6 pct , at 36 . 17 , enron fell 0 . 34 usd , or 3 . 7 pct , to 8 . 71 usd and chevrontexaco dropped 0 . 18 usd to 87 . 10 . the djia was up 110 . 22 points at 9 , 664 . 59 , the s & p 500 index gained 12 . 88 points to 1 , 128 . 68 and the nasdaq composite rose 34 . 35 points to 1 , 871 . 88 . enron share price today was hurt after the company announced a restatement of its net income from 1997 to the third quarter of 2001 . the revisions were , for the most part , reductions in the bottom - line figure . the 8 bln usd tie - up talks , which come at a time when enron is being investigated by the us securities and exchange commission and the markets are losing faith in the energy trader , are seen as particularly positive for dynergy . analysts see a tie - up as highly accretive for dynergy , which is 26 pct owned by chevrontexaco , with many synergies also possible . banc of america analyst william maze , who rates dynergy ' strong buy ' , said : " if this transaction comes to fruition , we would be aggressive buyers of dynergy given its accretive nature as well as the lifting of enron ' s credibility issues that has been plaguing the entire industry . " cibc world markets analyst william hyler , who rates enron ' buy ' , added : " the move would also catapult ( dynergy ) into a leadership role at what could prove near the bottom of the gas / power pricing cycle . " on the other hand , enron ' s position would improve as its credibility within the trading world and in the face of its trading counterparties would recover somewhat . to that end , dynergy would provide a yet unspecified cash injection , believed to be approximately 1 . 5 - 2 . 0 bln usd , to improve enron ' s standing and shore up its finances . chevrontexaco , which is expected to provide a substantial part of the financing needed for the merger , also stands to gain from the situation as it would retain effective control of the combined company . rdc / lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us spot coal : prices weaken as buying for 2002 slows 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones averages not volume weighted 4 q ' 01 lq ' 02 cal 2002 central appalachia low sulfur f . o . b . barge $ 31 . 75 - 32 . 00 $ 32 . 00 - 32 . 25 $ 32 . 00 - 33 . 00 average / change 31 . 90 / - 1 . 85 32 . 12 / - 1 . 63 32 . 50 / - 1 . 00 f . o . b . rail $ 36 . 00 - 38 . 00 n / a $ 36 . 00 - 38 . 00 average / change 37 . 00 / - 1 . 25 n / a 37 . 00 / - 0 . 75 powder river basin 8400 b . t . u . $ 5 . 75 - 6 . 00 $ 6 . 45 - 6 . 60 $ 6 . 35 - 6 . 45 average / change 5 . 85 / - 0 . 15 6 . 50 / 0 . 00 6 . 40 / - 0 . 10 8800 b . t . u . $ 7 . 25 - 7 . 75 $ 8 . 10 - 8 . 40 $ 8 . 10 - 8 . 20 average / change 7 . 50 / - 0 . 10 ' 8 . 25 / 0 . 00 8 . 15 / - 0 . 15 note to u . s . spot coal prices : prices are dollars per short ton , based on actual deals done during the month for the delivery period indicated . averages are straight mathematical averages and aren ' t volume weighted . change is from the average of deals done in the previous month . the central appalachian low - sulfur category uses benchmark of 12 , 000 british thermal units per pound . barge delivery is to the big sandy river . rail delivery is to the norfolk southern . for central appalachian coal , prices are accepted for coal within 500 btu of the benchmark btu and standardized adjustments are made . powder river basin categories are quoted fob mine . - by jennifer morrow , dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 4377 ; jennifer . morrow @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stockwatch dynergy sharply higher , enron flat on merger talks 11 / 08 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - shares of dynergy inc were sharply higher , while enron corp continued to lose ground , in midsession trading after the two companies confirmed that they are holding merger talks . at 12 . 25 pm , dynergy was up 3 . 17 usd , or 9 . 6 pct , at 36 . 17 , enron fell 0 . 34 usd , or 3 . 7 pct , to 8 . 71 usd and chevrontexaco dropped 0 . 18 usd to 87 . 10 . the djia was up 110 . 22 points at 9 , 664 . 59 , the s & p 500 index gained 12 . 88 points to 1 , 128 . 68 and the nasdaq composite rose 34 . 35 points to 1 , 871 . 88 . enron share price today was hurt after the company announced a restatement of its net income from 1997 to the third quarter of 2001 . the revisions were , for the most part , reductions in the bottom - line figure . the 8 bln usd tie - up talks , which come at a time when enron is being investigated by the us securities and exchange commission and the markets are losing faith in the energy trader , are seen as particularly positive for dynergy . analysts see a tie - up as highly accretive for dynergy , which is 26 pct owned by chevrontexaco , with many synergies also possible . banc of america analyst william maze , who rates dynergy ' strong buy ' , said : " if this transaction comes to fruition , we would be aggressive buyers of dynergy given its accretive nature as well as the lifting of enron ' s credibility issues that has been plaguing the entire industry . " cibc world markets analyst william hyler , who rates enron ' buy ' , added : " the move would also catapult ( dynergy ) into a leadership role at what could prove near the bottom of the gas / power pricing cycle . " on the other hand , enron ' s position would improve as its credibility within the trading world and in the face of its trading counterparties would recover somewhat . to that end , dynergy would provide a yet unspecified cash injection , believed to be approximately 1 . 5 - 2 . 0 bln usd , to improve enron ' s standing and shore up its finances . chevrontexaco , which is expected to provide a substantial part of the financing needed for the merger , also stands to gain from the situation as it would retain effective control of the combined company . rdc / lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : rivals eye enron ' s metals trading business . by andy blamey 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 9 ( reuters ) - u . s . energy trading giant enron corp . , whose shares have tumbled amid a regulatory probe and doubts about its ability to raise cash , may lose or offload its metals business , senior industry sources said on thursday . in the wings are several interested parties looking to snap up the company ' s metals customer base . " there are people out there with the experience and the contacts who see this time as a good opportunity to get into the market , " a senior metals market source told reuters on thursday . such a move for enron ' s metals portfolio would involve the acquisition of an existing organisation as a vehicle , the source added . " we do not comment on rumours , " an enron spokeswoman said , declining further comment . other enron metals assets were also said to be in play , including the henry bath warehousing company , which operates lme - registered warehouses in the uk , the netherlands , singapore and the united states . major player houston - based enron became a major player in the metals trade in may last year when it acquired mg plc , a leading independent international metals dealing firm in london , in a deal worth around 300 million pounds . the company is a ring - dealing member of the london metal exchange ( lme ) , able to participate in open - outcry floor trade , and is active in screen - based metals trade via its enrononline platform ( www . enrononline . com ) . the company no longer has a stake in online metals trading platform emetra ( www . emetra . com ) , having sold its holding to other emetra shareholders this summer . but while enron may be a heavy hitter in the metals sector , base metals trading could hardly be regarded as one of its core businesses . the company ' s third - quarter 2001 results statement shows income before interest , minority interests and taxes ( ibit ) from " europe and other commodity markets " - which includes metals and steel alongside european gas and power , among others - of $ 53 million , unchanged from the year - earlier period . this compares with ibit from enron ' s gas and power market - making operations and merchant energy activities in north and south america of $ 710 million over the same period . but the third - quarter figure that has slashed the value of the company ' s shares is a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity related to off - balance sheet transactions . on thursday the company said it would restate its earnings for 1997 to 2001 to reflect the transactions - a move which wipes $ 613 million of the company ' s reported net income from 1997 through the first half of this year . the company ' s stock has dropped by almost 78 percent since enron released its earnings results on october 16 , falling to nine - year lows amid concerns about the company ' s ability to raise cash . the story added an extra twist on wednesday as news broke that u . s . - based energy trading and marketing firm dynegy inc . was in talks to buy out enron . against this background speculation is rife about the future of the metals operation , fuelled by the company ' s decision last month to trim between 10 and 20 percent of its metals workforce as part of a wider staff reduction by enron europe . unlikely to remain intact any decision by enron or a possible future purchaser to offload its metals operations would be unlikely to see enron metals remain intact , traders said . " they paid $ 450 million for mg . would they get $ 450 million for enron metals ? i don ' t think so , " said one . " why buy the whole concern when you can cherry - pick the best traders and the clients will follow ? " added another . an increasing emphasis on screen trading at the expense of personal contacts may already have persuaded some enron clients to jump ship . " we ' ve picked up a fair amount of small and mid - sized trade - type business in europe from people who ' ve said ' i ' m not going to be told just to trade on a screen , ' " said one trader . another trader said : " a lot of this business revolves around who you ' ve been trading with and talking to over a period of time . it ' s about individuals , " he said . " enron online . . . should be seen as an ' added value ' product , not as the only way of trading . customers still want to talk to their broker , and are willing to pay commission for the service , " the senior source said . enron ' s financial position could also prompt customers to consider other options , the first trader said . " as a customer , you want to place your business where there ' s financial stability . if a company isn ' t financially stable , you ' ll move elsewhere . " enron ' s trade counterparties are also keeping a close eye on the company ' s financial situation , said a trader at one lme brokerage . " people aren ' t particularly concerned about short - term trading ( with enron ) , but when it comes to otc business done outside the clearing market they ' re backing off a bit , " he said . ( additional reporting by martin hayes ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones confirms dynegy talks 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) said it will restate its financial results from 1997 through the second quarter of 2001 , as the embattled energy company and dynegy inc . both confirmed they are in talks on a possible business combination . in a filing thursday with the securities and exchange commission , enron said its financial and audit reports are unreliable for those periods . enron said that three " unconsolidated entities should have been included in its consolidated financial statements , " based on generally accepted accounting principles . these entities are chewco investments lp , joint energy development investments lp and a wholly owned unit of ljm cayman lp . enron said it has established a special committee to review all transactions . the committee will specifically review all " economic results " related to transactions between enron and ljm . last month enron took a $ 1 . 01 billion charge in the third quarter related to write - downs of investments . of this , $ 35 million was attributed to partnerships run until recently by chief financial officer andrew fastow , who has since been replaced . enron also disclosed it shrank shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion , as a result of several transactions including ones undertaken with fastow ' s investment vehicle . later , enron said the sec would investigate the company ' s " related party transactions , " including those with the fastow partnerships . the restatement will reflect the $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholders ' equity , as well as various income - statement and balance - sheet adjustments determined by enron and its auditors . " we believe that the information we have made available addresses a number of the concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec about these matters , " said chairman and chief executive kenneth lay over the past couple of days , enron has been scrambling to line up quick financing from a prominent outside investor and has been in discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies . earlier , the wall street journal reported that dynegy was trying to buy enron for $ 7 billion to $ 8 billion in stock . both are houston - based energy - trading and power companies . because any combination of the two would likely be scrutinized for many months , and enron needs to shore up its finances now , dynegy reportedly is expected to inject $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately , people familiar with the matter said . chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , which owns a 26 % stake in dynegy , is expected to provide dynegy with the funds for the cash infusion and is playing a significant role in the negotiations , the journal said . the boards of dynegy , chevron and enron reportedly met wednesday to discuss a potential deal . enron ' s stock has plunged since oct . 16 , when the company posted a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and revealed that its shareholder equity had been reduced . the talks between enron and dynegy follow a sharp decline in enron ' s stock over the past several weeks . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron fires two employees linked to partnerships . 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 8 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , the embattled energy trader , said on thursday fired its treasurer and a counsel who the company said were part - owners of one of its off - balance sheet partnerships now under investigation by u . s . regulators . enron said it was terminating the employment of ben glisan , managing director and treasurer of enron corp . , and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and counsel of an enron division . enron said it believes that these two employees , along with four other former enron employees , were involved as partners in a limited partnership called the ljml that had dealings with enron . shares of enron were trading down 5 cents or . 55 percent at $ 9 on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron restates net income for periods from 1997 to q 3 2001 11 / 08 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd houston ( afx ) - enron corp announced it is restating its net results for 1997 to 2000 and for the first three quarters of 2001 to take account of various related party and off - balance sheet transactions in which the company was involved . the restatement have no effect on enron ' s current financial position , it said . in its restated figures , enron posted reductions to net income of 96 mln usd in 1997 , 113 mln usd in 1998 , 250 mln in 1999 and 132 mln in 2000 , as well as increases of 17 mln usd for the first quarter of 2001 and 5 mln for the second , but reduced the third quarter figure by 17 mln usd . the restatement will have no negative impact on the company ' s reported earnings for the nine month period ending sept 2001 , however , it said . the company said its changes to net income are the result of the retroactive consolidation of joint energy development investments lp and chewco investments lp beginning in november 1997 , the consolidation of the ljml subsidiary for 1999 and 2000 and prior year proposed audit adjustments . the jedi and chewco consolidations will increase enron ' s debt by about 711 mln usd in 1997 , 561 mln in 1998 , 685 mln in 1999 and 628 mln in 2000 , the company said . kgd / jkm / for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron restates earnings as company confirms talks with dynegy by brad foss ap business writer 11 / 08 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . new york ( ap ) - beleaguered energy trading giant enron corp . announced thursday it would restate its earnings since 1997 , in part to reflect a controversial dlrs 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity that has sparked a securities and exchange commission investigation . enron , whose stock price has fallen roughly 80 percent in the past three weeks , also said it was holding talks with dynegy inc . relating to some form of business transaction . the new york times reported that dynegy was considering buying enron , its larger hometown rival for dlrs 8 billion . in a filing with the sec , enron said financial statements from 1997 through the first half of 2001 " should not be relied upon " and that partnerships run by enron officials during that period should have been consolidated into the financial results of the houston - based energy trading giant . these partnerships are chewco investments l . p . , joint energy development investments l . p . , and a wholly owned unit of ljm cayman l . p . " we believe that the information we have made available addresses a number of the concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec about these matters , " said kenneth lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive . by its own assessment , enron ' s restatement reduces previously reported net income by roughly dlrs 586 million and increases its debt by dlrs 2 . 59 billion . the change reflects the financial impact of retroactively consolidating the partnerships . the company also fired two executives on thursday : ben glisan , its treasurer , and kristina mordaunt , general counsel for one of its divisions . previously , enron had ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , who was in charge of some of the partnerships . shares of enron were off 10 cents to dlrs 8 . 95 in heavy trading on the new york stock exchange . enron said it believes the restatement will include a reduction to net income of about dlrs 96 million in 1997 , dlrs 113 million in 1998 , dlrs 250 million in 1999 and dlrs 132 million in 2000 , increases of dlrs 17 million for the first quarter of 2001 and dlrs 5 million for the second quarter and a reduction of dlrs 17 million for the third quarter of 2001 . enron , the top buyer and seller of natural gas and the top wholesale marketer in the united states , had become one of the nation ' s 10 largest companies , recording revenue of dlrs 100 . 8 billion in 2000 . but the company has been beset by huge investment losses and questions about its financial stability . in particular , its stock has plunged since oct . 16 , when the company posted a dlrs 618 million third quarter loss and revealed that its shareholder equity had been reduced . enron ' s woes have prompted considerable speculation about a possible takeover of the company . besides dynegy , companies mentioned as possible suitors included general electric ' s ge capital unit and royal dutch / shell group . on thursday , both dynegy and enron released statements confirming they were in talks , but declined to provide any details . the new york times reported earlier that dynegy is considering paying about dlrs 8 billion in stock , or roughly dlrs 10 per share . under the terms of the deal , enron would receive an immediate dlrs 1 . 5 billion cash infusion from oil giant chevron texaco , which holds a 27 percent stake in dynegy , the times said , citing executives close to the discusssion . chevron texaco would provide an additional dlrs 1 billion injection at a later date , the times reported , while dynegy would assume dlrs 12 . 8 billion in enron debt , plus billions of dollars in other debt that has been kept off the beleaguered company ' s balance sheet and has been a significant contributor to its current problems . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron provides financing data , restates earnings . 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 8 ( reuters ) - enron corp . said on thursday it provided u . s . regulators with more information about off - balance sheet deals , and other transactions that led to a shattering of the company ' s credibility and to an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . enron , the once high - flying houston - based energy trading company , also confirmed it was in talks with its hometown rival dynegy inc . over a possible business combination . terms of any deal have not been agreed on , the two companies said . enron said that it will restate its earnings from 1997 to 2000 and the first two quarters of 2001 as the company addresses concerns raised by the sec and shareholders . shares of enron dropped 20 cents , or 2 . 2 percent , to $ 8 . 85 in thursday morning trading on the new york stock exchange . enron , the largest trader of electricity and natural gas in north america , said the required restatement reflects the surprising - and controversial - $ 1 . 2 billion reduction to shareholders ' equity the company recently disclosed . the restatement also reflects adjustments to the company ' s income statement and balance sheet , now that enron has decided that the financial activities of chewco investments , l . p . , joint energy development investments limited partnership ( jedi ) and a wholly - owned subsidiary of ljml should indeed have been included in the company ' s consolidated financial statements . as a result of the restatement , enron is reducing its 1997 net income by about $ 96 million , 1998 net income by $ 113 million , 1999 net income by $ 250 million and 2000 net income by $ 132 million . it is also restating first quarter 2001 results with a $ 17 million net income increase , second quarter 2001 results with a $ 5 million increase and third quarter 2001 results with a $ 17 million net income decrease . consolidating chewco and jedi also increases enron ' s debt by about $ 711 million in 1997 , $ 561 million in 1998 , $ 685 million in 1999 and $ 628 million in 2000 . " we believe that the information we have made available addresses a number of the concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec about these matters , " said chairman and chief executive ken lay in a statement . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . is enron too big to fail ? bailout seen unlikely by jason leopold 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dow jones newswires ( this story initially ran late wednesday . ) los angeles ( dow jones ) - - maybe enron corp . ( ene ) is just too big to fail . maybe not . is the embattled energy trading company important enough to qualify for a federal bailout ? not likely , according to a number of analysts who believe that there are enough big energy companies in the u . s . to keep markets liquid if enron goes under . for that reason , a federal bailout is probably not in the cards , even though enron controls about 25 % of u . s . natural gas and electricity markets , they added . " a bailout would only occur if needed to maintain liquidity in the energy markets in order to avoid potential for skyrocketing prices and avoid reliability risks , " said merrill lynch 323 - 658 - 3874 ; jason . leopold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron bonds give back gains as firm restates profit ( update 3 ) 2001 - 11 - 08 16 : 40 ( new york ) enron bonds give back gains as firm restates profit ( update 3 ) ( updates bond and stock prices . ) new york , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . bonds pared earlier gains as the biggest energy trader said it restated earnings for more than four years , increasing concern that dynegy inc . won ' t buy out the company . enron ' s 7 . 88 percent coupon notes due in 2003 traded at 77 cents on the dollar to yield 27 percent , down from a bid of 82 cents this morning , traders said . the debt , which was trading near 100 last month , was bid at 77 cents yesterday . enron shares , down 75 percent in the last month , fell 64 cents to $ 8 . 41 today . dynegy said today it ' s in talks to acquire enron in what people familiar with the situation said would likely be a stock transaction worth $ 8 billion . an acquisition would bolster enron ' s credit rating , which was recently lowered , traders said . ` ` enron bonds justifiably rallied on the good news of dynegy . they naturally settled back down as the market assesses the significance of the restatement , ' ' said glenn reynolds , an analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` the whole problem goes away and sighs of relief all around if they come to terms with dynegy . ' ' enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes due in 2006 were bid at around 70 cents , down from this morning when the debt traded at 84 cents . yesterday , the notes were priced between 72 cents and 74 cents . the difference between bid and ask prices for enron debt widened to about 4 cents to 5 cents - - ` ` monster ' ' spreads , reynolds said - - from 2 cents this morning , indicating few investors are willing to buy or sell the bonds without more news . while moody ' s investors service rates enron ' s credit as ` ` baa 2 ' ' , one rung higher than its ` ` baa 3 ' ' grade for dynegy , other ratings companies including standard & poor ' s and fitch inc . have assigned dynegy a higher rating . also , enron ' s ratings have been cut in recent weeks and face further reduction , while dynegy ' s credit outlook is stable . enron bonds and shares have tumbled in recent weeks on concern about partnerships run by the company ' s former chief financial officer and concerns the company ' s trading business will be hurt by the credit downgrades . enron and dynegy are both based in houston . enron has $ 15 . 8 billion of bonds outstanding , more than double the $ 6 . 8 billion market value of its stock , according to bloomberg data . apache to cut 2002 drilling budget 70 % on gas prices ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 08 16 : 34 ( new york ) apache to cut 2002 drilling budget 70 % on gas prices ( updatel ) ( updates with closing share price in fifth paragraph and closing nymex gas price in last paragraph . ) houston , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - apache corp . , an oil and natural - gas producer , plans to cut spending on drilling next year by 70 percent , blaming wide swings in gas prices caused by traders such as enron corp . and dynegy inc . the company will trim spending to $ 300 million from $ 1 billion this year , chief executive officer raymond plank said in an interview . gas on the new york mercantile exchange reached $ 10 . 10 per million british thermal units in late december and touched $ 1 . 76 per million british thermal units in september . the market for gas derivatives is 15 times the cash market for delivery to customers , and broad price changes make it difficult for oil and gas companies to set budgets , plank said . ` ` you ' ve got a 150 - pound tail wagging a 10 - pound dog , ' ' plank said . ` ` you can ' t predict what your cash flow may be . therefore , your budgeting is difficult . ' ' shares of apache were unchanged at $ 50 . 73 . they have fallen 28 percent this year . apache , dynegy and enron , the biggest energy trader , are based in houston . ` ` we can always go back and take another look at ( spending ) later , ' ' apache spokesman tony lentini said . ` ` we look at our ( budget ) regularly , and we ' re known for moving pretty quickly . ' ' enron , whose plunging stock price forced it to begin merger talks with rival dynegy , today restated earnings for more than four years because of losses from partnerships under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . fearing an enron collapse might cripple the gas - derivatives market , apache said yesterday it traded out of most of its gas hedges , making $ 70 million so far . ` ` apache is trying to conserve cash and retain the maximum amount of flexibility , ' ' said irene haas , an analyst at sanders morris harris inc . ` ` apache has been traditionally very nimble in responding to these cycles . there ' s something to be said for being cautious and conservative when the visibility is bad . ' ' haas rates apache ` ` accumulate ' ' and doesn ' t own its shares . nymex gas has averaged $ 2 . 7 per million british thermal units so far this quarter , down almost half from the same time a year earlier . it rose 9 cents to $ 2 . 96 per million british thermal units today . enron fires treasurer , alleges improper investment ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 08 16 : 31 ( new york ) enron fires treasurer , alleges improper investment ( update 2 ) ( updates with closing share prices in ninth paragraph and information on board approval starting in 17 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which today reduced its earnings for the last four years by $ 552 million because of accounting errors involving affiliates , also said it fired its treasurer and a corporate attorney for making improper investments in one of the affiliates . enron fired treasurer ben glisan and kristina mordaunt , the general counsel of an unspecified enron division . the two invested in an affiliate created by enron to buy and sell the company ' s assets , the houston - based company said in filings with the securities and exchange commission . the transactions also involved two former enron employees and former enron chief financial officer andrew fastow , who was replaced two weeks ago , the filing said . the former employees were kathy lynn , vice president of an unnamed enron division , and anne yaeger , identified by enron as a non - officer employee . lea fastow , andrew fastow ' s wife , referred all questions to her husband ' s attorney , who couldn ' t immediately be reached for comment . glisan wouldn ' t comment . attempts to reach mordaunt weren ' t successful . $ 30 million profit fastow made more than $ 30 million by managing and investing in two private limited partnerships called ljm cayman lp , known as ljml , and ljm 2 co - investment lp . enron said on oct . 24 that fastow had been replaced as cfo and put on leave . the filing said he is no longer with the company . enron said it believes lynn and yaeger remain associated with ljm 2 . the sec began a formal investigation into some of enron ' s partnerships last month , causing the stock price to plummet from already low levels . shares of enron had fallen 89 percent this year , as of the close of trading yesterday . enron , short on cash , began merger talks with dynegy inc . yesterday , it failed to reach an agreement with dynegy to sell itself for about $ 8 billion in stock . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 27 percent of dynegy , is also involved in the talks . dynegy is concerned credit rating companies may downgrade enron ' s debt , people familiar with the situation said . enron shares fell 64 cents , or 7 . 1 percent , $ 8 . 41 . shares of dynegy , which is also based in houston , rose $ 3 . 50 , or 11 percent , to $ 36 . 50 . chevrontexaco rose 31 cents to $ 87 . 59 . restatement enron restated its earnings for the past four years and the first three quarters of 2001 to incorporate the first ljm partnership , as well as chewco investments lp and joint energy development investments lp , known as jedi . enron calls them special purpose entities , or spes . they are vehicles for getting access to capital or hedging risk that can be moved off the books under some circumstances . enron established more than 30 spes . the company reported that enron and ` ` enron - related entities ' ' participated in 24 ` ` business relationships ' ' in which ljml or ljm 2 participated . they included the sale of asset such as unused fiber optic cable , the purchase of debt or equity interests in enron affiliates , and the sale by ljm 2 of a call and a put option on some assets . in addition to chewco and jedi , a wholly owned subsidiary of lmjl that ` ` engaged in derivative transactions with enron to permit enron to hedge market risks of an equity investment in rhythms netconnections , inc . , ' ' which provides high - speed networking to businesses . enron said in the sec filing that those hedging transactions should have been consolidated into its 1999 and 2000 results because the ljml subsidiary was inadequately capitalized . enron did not specify why transactions by chewco and jedi should have been included on its balance sheet . enron said it believes that michael j . kopper , a former company employee , managed a chewco general partner and invested in it . the company said it also believes that kopper was the controlling partner of a limited partnership that ( through another limited partnership ) in march 2000 purchased interests in affiliated subsidiaries of ljml . ' ' the company said that it believes the limited partners in that deal also included glisan , mordaunt , lynn and yaeger . an ` ` entity associated with ' ' fastow was also a limited partner , enron said . enron said that its board approved fastow ' s initial transaction with ljml and put controls in place that required the review and approval of each transaction by the office of the chairman , the chief accounting officer and the chief risk officer . lay and skilling were for many years the only members of the office of the chairman . after skilling ' s resignation in august , enron promoted greg whalley to president and chief operating officer and mark frevert to vice chairman . both became members of the office of the chairman . lay , as chairman , also had the authority to require fastow to resign from the partnerships at any time . the board also directed that its audit and compliance committee conduct annual reviews of transactions between enron and ljml and ljm 2 completed during the previous year , the filing said . dynegy rises on optimism it may get enron for bargain ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 08 16 : 28 ( new york ) dynegy rises on optimism it may get enron for bargain ( update 2 ) ( updates with closing share prices . ) houston , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . shares rose 11 percent on speculation that the company may be able to buy enron corp . , the biggest energy trader , at a bargain price . dynegy said today it ' s in talks to buy enron . dynegy , a rival houston - based energy trader , is considering an acquisition of enron for stock valued at almost $ 8 billion , people familiar with the situation said . with 850 million shares outstanding , enron has a market value of about $ 7 . 7 billion . enron was forced to consider a sale after its stock plunged this year and its credit ratings were cut amid a securities and exchange commission investigation into partnerships run by a former executive . enron shares yesterday touched $ 7 a share , their lowest level in more than a decade . a year ago , the stock traded at more than $ 80 a share . ` ` if dynegy can get enron for $ 10 or $ 11 a share , it ' s a heck of a good deal , ' ' said sanders morris harris analyst john olson , who owns enron shares . ` ` that ' s why the shares are up . ' ' dynegy rose $ 3 . 50 a share to $ 36 . 50 . enron fell 64 cents , or 7 . 1 percent , to $ 8 . 41 . enron failed yesterday to reach an agreement with dynegy , which is concerned that credit - rating agencies may reduce enron ' s debt to junk status , people familiar with the situation said . enron today restated earnings for more than four years to include losses from investment partnerships . ` ` the lack of ( enron ) investor confidence at this point makes it likely that dynegy could buy enron and pay little or no premium , ' ' said commerzbank securities analyst andre meade . dynegy ` ` is unlikely to pay significantly more than enron ' s current share price if it does make a bid , ' ' he said . an acquisition of enron would make dynegy the biggest energy trader , eliminating its largest rival , analysts said . dynegy also would get the leading energy manager for commercial and small - industrial customers , and an internet energy - trading operation many times larger than its own , analysts said . ` ` people are betting for or against a deal with enron , ' ' said meade , who rates enron shares ` ` accumulate ' ' and doesn ' t own them . newpower 3 rd - qtr loss narrows after adding customers ( update 4 ) 2001 - 11 - 08 16 : 08 ( new york ) newpower 3 rd - qtr loss narrows after adding customers ( update 4 ) ( updates with closing share price in sixth paragraph . updates enron ' s share decline in fifth paragraph . ) purchase , new york , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - newpower holdings inc . , a venture formed by enron corp . to compete with traditional gas and electric utilities , said its third - quarter loss narrowed after cutting costs and adding customers . the loss was $ 67 . 1 million , or $ 1 . 15 a share , compared with a loss of $ 69 . 9 million , or $ 2 . 96 , a year earlier . revenue tripled to $ 54 . 7 million from $ 18 . 2 million , the company said . newpower was forecast to have a loss of $ 1 . 16 a share , the average estimate of three analysts polled by thomson financial / first call . newpower added 80 , 000 customers in the third quarter and expects to have 840 , 000 to 860 , 000 customers by the end of the year . the company , based in purchase , new york , reduced sales , general and administrative costs by 41 percent , primarily by cutting systems - development and professional expenses . the company is eliminating 40 jobs , or 22 percent of its workforce , to cut costs , chief financial officer william jacobs said on a conference call . newpower expects costs of $ 16 million in the fourth quarter for severance and to end a business alliance with aol time warner inc . , spokeswoman gael doar said . enron , the largest energy trader , owns about 44 percent of newpower . houston - based enron , whose shares have fallen 75 percent since oct . 16 amid concern over affiliated partnerships run by its former chief financial officer , said it had $ 544 million in losses on investments including newpower in the third quarter . shares of newpower rose 42 cents to $ 1 . 23 . the company first sold shares to the public in october 2000 for $ 21 a share . the offering increased the number of shares outstanding to about 58 million from 23 million . fourth quarter excluding costs for severance and to end the aol agreement , newpower expects a fourth - quarter loss of $ 41 million to $ 46 million , or 65 cents to 73 cents a share , and a full - year loss of $ 210 million to $ 215 million , or $ 3 . 55 to $ 3 . 63 . the company was expected to lose 74 cents in the fourth quarter , according to first call ' s average of three analysts ' estimates . the full - year ' s loss was expected to be $ 3 . 71 , the average of four analysts ' estimates . in 2002 , newpower expects to have a loss of $ 100 million to $ 125 million , or $ 1 . 59 to $ 1 . 99 a share . the average estimate of four analysts polled by first call was $ 2 . 26 . newpower expects to be profitable in 2003 with 1 . 5 million customers . the company is focusing more on small businesses . it now has 25 , 000 small - business customers and expects to have more than 35 , 000 by the end of the year . international business machines corp . owns 1 . 5 million shares of newpower , less than 5 percent of the company . enron restates years of profits , in talks with dynegy ( update 4 ) 2001 - 11 - 08 15 : 41 ( new york ) enron restates years of profits , in talks with dynegy ( update 4 ) ( adds dynegy share price in sixth paragraph . ) houston , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which began merger talks with dynegy inc . after its stock plunged , restated earnings for more than four years to include losses from investment partnerships arranged by senior executives . the largest energy trader failed yesterday to reach an agreement with dynegy to sell itself for about $ 8 billion in stock . dynegy is concerned credit rating companies may downgrade enron ' s debt , people familiar with the situation said . a reduction to junk status would precipitate a cash crisis by requiring enron to repay early $ 3 . 3 billion of bonds . ` ` restating earnings for the past five years is suggestive of fraud , which in itself is justification for a downgrade , ' ' said donald coxe , who manages 78 , 000 enron shares as part of the harris insight equity fund . ` ` i ' d be surprised if they ' re not downgraded . ' ' the decision by chairman and chief executive officer kenneth lay to reduce earnings by $ 586 million since 1997 is part of enron ' s efforts to regain confidence among investors stung by the 89 percent plunge in the stock this year and a securities and exchange commission investigation into how the company accounted for partnerships it sponsored . enron fired treasurer ben glisan and kristina mourdant , a lawyer for an enron division . the company ` ` now believes ' ' glisan , mourdant and two other employees no longer working for enron bought interests in subsidiaries of a partnership run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . dynegy ' s shares rose as much as 14 percent on speculation that it may decide not to buy cash - strapped enron , or , if it did , wouldn ' t pay much of a premium . ` ` people are betting for or against a deal with enron , ' ' said andre meade , an analyst with commerzbank ag who rates enron ` ` accumulate . ' ' dynegy ` ` is unlikely to pay significantly more than enron ' s current share price if it does make a bid , ' ' he said . shares decline enron shares declined 40 cents to $ 8 . 65 after the company determined it violated generally accepted accounting rules when it failed to consolidate results for three so - called special purpose entities , vehicles for getting access to capital or hedging risk that can be moved off the books under some circumstances . enron ousted fastow last month after revealing an accounting error for transactions with a group of the partnerships resulted in a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity in the third quarter . arthur andersen llp was enron ' s independent auditor . the company today reduced 1997 net income by $ 96 million , 1998 earnings by $ 113 million , 1999 results by $ 250 million , and 2000 earnings by $ 132 million . in 2001 , the changes resulted in an increase to net income of $ 17 million in the first quarter and $ 5 million in the second quarter , and a reduction of $ 17 million for the third quarter . enron bonds pared gains after the earnings were restated , as the threat of a credit downgrade dimmed a rally sparked by the dynegy talks . enron ' s debt doubled in the past four years to $ 13 billion at the end of the third quarter . both standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service are considering lowering their ratings , which are two levels above junk . ` ` enron is running out of time and that ' s what ' s pushing them to the bargaining table , ' ' said zach wagner , an analyst with edward jones joint energy development investments , known as jedi ; and a wholly owned subsidiary of ljml that ` ` engaged in derivative transactions with enron to permit enron to hedge market risks of an equity investment in rhythms netconnections inc . , ' ' which provides high - speed networking to businesses . some companies that trade natural gas , electricity and other commodities with enron may pull back if enron ' s finances deteriorate to the point that it loses its investment - grade credit rating , investors say . atlanta - based mirant corp . , a top u . s . energy trader , has moved most of its trades away from enron to other exchanges , such as intercontinenal exchange , a venture it formed in march 2000 with other partners including bp plc and goldman , sachs & co . , mirant spokesman james peters said . ` ` we are still trading with them , but on a very limited basis , ' ' said peters . ` ` dynegy has to act fast , ' ' said roger hamilton , a money manager with john hancock advisers inc . , which sold its enron shares in recent weeks . ` ` if enron can ' t get financing and its bonds go to junk , they lose counterparties and their marvelous business vanishes . ' ' dynegy would gain a wholesale energy business , the leading energy manager for commercial and small - industrial customers , and an internet energy trading operation many times larger than its own , said ubs warburg llc analyst james yanello . ` ` if history is any guide , dynegy is stingy when it comes to acquisitions , so i don ' t expect them to do anything stupid ' ' such as overpaying for enron , said yanello . ` ` a deal could provide dynegy with tremendous opportunity . ' ' he rates dynegy ` ` strong buy ' ' and doesn ' t own shares of either company . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns about 27 percent of dynegy , is considering adding $ 1 . 5 billion to the transaction to help enron . it would provide another $ 1 billion when the purchase is closed , the new york times and wall street journal reported . breakup fee the companies agreed on a breakup fee providing dynegy with about $ 400 million if enron accepts a higher offer , people familiar with the talks said . dynegy ' s shares rose as much as $ 4 . 30 , or 13 percent , to $ 37 . 30 . the stock had dropped $ 3 yesterday when news of the enron talks was first reported . dynegy spokesman steve stengel , enron spokesman mark palmer and chevrontexaco spokesman fred gorell declined to comment . enron plans to meet with j . p . morgan chase financial results to be restated cbsmarketwatch . com lisa sanders new york ( cbs . mw ) - - enron ' s troubles deepened thursday as the energy merchant confirmed it ' s in merger talks with dynegy and announced , in a securities and exchange commission filing , that it fired two officers and is restating financial results for four years and two quarters . both dynegy and enron confirmed thursday that they ' re in negotiations following a published report that an $ 8 billion deal was close to being finalized . the new york times reported that dynegy ' s board approved a stock offer worth $ 10 a share for enron . while confirming the talks , the companies released no further details . dynegy had no additional comment . an enron spokeswoman stonewalled reporters thursday by saying the company was requiring all questions to be submitted in writing . enron did not respond to the questions . shares of enron ( ene ) initially rallied but closed at $ 8 . 41 , down 64 cents , or 7 . 1 percent , while dynegy ( dyn ) tacked on $ 3 . 50 to close at $ 36 . 50 . chevrontexaco ( cvx ) , which owns 27 percent of dynegy , will contribute $ 2 . 5 billion to the deal , the times reported . chevrontexaco , which added 31 cents to close at $ 87 . 59 , declined to comment . also thursday , enron in an sec filing said it has fired its treasurer , ben glisan , and the general counsel of an enron division , kristina mordaunt . earlier in the month , enron fired chief financial officer andy fastow for his role in limited partnerships that are now under investigation by the sec . enron restated its financial results for the years 1997 through 2000 and the first two quarters of 2001 . enron has lost most of its market value over the past month after the sec launched a probe of some transactions by company executives . enron would bring huge debt a merger of dynegy and enron would require the smaller company to take on the $ 12 . 8 billion in debt that ' s now on enron ' s books . the acquisition would likely lead to the sale of additional enron assets to pay down the debts , the times reported . boards of both companies were meeting in houston on wednesday night , according to the paper . " if you look at the balance sheets of dynegy and enron , ( a merger ) would be a tough deal , " jeff dietert of simmons & co . he noted that dynegy ( dyn ) has $ 3 billion worth of debt and a market capitalization of $ 11 . 7 billion . " enron ' s debt load is likely to be too significant for dynegy to step up and swallow , " dietert said . for dynegy to make the deal , it would have to issue equity , he added . it would make more sense for dynegy to consider buying some enron assets , dietert said . that would also help enron clean up its balance sheet . chris ellinghaus of williams capital group said that chevrontexaco ' s involvement would make a dynegy - enron combination more realistic . " we would view this transaction favorably assuming dynegy intends to dispose of enron ' s myriad of non - core businesses , " ellinghaus said . dynegy and enron together would dwarf other natural gas and power marketers in the u . s . ellinghaus said the possibility that dynegy would buy enron is " staggering . " " however , the failure of enron to procure an outside equity infusion has apparently severely limited enron ' s options , " he said . " we do not believe the potential demise of enron invalidates the merchant energy model or suggest deeper problems within the wholesale energy markets . " gregory phelps , vice president and portfolio manager of john hancock ' s patriot group of closed - end income funds , said enron , even in its current state , retains some intrinsic value . " enron still has an incredible number of contractual trading arrangements out there that can ' t be allowed to crumble and fall , " he added . " i think that a firm like dynegy with a firm like chevrontexaco as partner adds the credibility that enron needs . " dynegy gets to buy " assets on the cheap " that it can tie into its own growth - oriented operations , he said . phelps has never owned enron stock in his funds because he says it ' s too volatile and the company makes it too hard to understand how it generates revenue . bush ties enron ' s chairman and ceo kenneth lay stepped back into the ceo spot following the abrupt departure of jeffrey k . skilling , who left after just six months on the job for " personal reasons . " skilling was called to testify in washington , d . c . , this week , though the sec would not confirm whether it was before their agency . in a conference call with investors wednesday , el paso energy chairman and chief executive william wise said his company would consider buying some of enron ' s assets , though he declined to specify which ones . " we are an asset - oriented company , and we would look at their assets , " wise said . " rather than list any of them for you , you can make your own judgments . " wednesday , a . g . edwards cut its rating on enron to " sell " from " hold , " saying the only reason to own the stock now would be to bet that some company would bid for enron or a large part of its wholesale trading operations . azurix divestiture also thursday , azurix corp . , an affiliate of enron , said it sold its azurix north america and azurix industrial to american water works for $ 141 . 5 million in cash and the assumption of $ 6 . 1 million of debt . azurix is a water and wastewater company . in the third quarter , enron took a $ 1 billion charge , which included $ 287 million for asset impairments at azurix . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . 
2	Subject: enron earth day " trash bash " i encourage everybody very strongly to join other enron employees at this event . it ' s a great opportunity to contribute to the growth of our city and to make sure that enron is not embarrassed if other energy companies show up in strength . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont @ enron 03 / 07 / 2001 02 : 37 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , praveen mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron , roman zadorozhny / hou / ees @ ees , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann walton / na / enron @ enron , shane green / hou / ees @ ees , seksan kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect , nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , steve bigalow / na / enron @ enron , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , wnarongw @ enron . com , iris . mack @ enron . colm cc : subject : enron earth day " trash bash " enron is hosting a special event on saturday , march 31 st . the first annual enron " trash bash " to clean up the banks of buffalo bayou between shepherd drive and sam houston park . i am chairing the check - in team which consists of : registering all of the volunteers handing out enron t - shirts and caps passing out gloves and garbage bags making clean up section assignments for anyone who might be interested in helping me , please call me at ext . 30329 . also , we need a lot of volunteers to walk along buffalo bayou and pick up trash . this would be a great family project , a good project for your childs youth group or boy scout or girl scout troop . it will also be fun . they will have live bands , lyou get an enron t - shirt and enron baseball cap , lunch will be served at sam houston park and there are a lot of good door prizes . if you want to volunteer for the " trash bash " clean up , just show up at sam houston park on saturday , march 31 , 2001 , at 8 am to register . clean up starts at 9 am and lunch will be served at 11 : 00 am and after lunch door prizes will be drawn and then you can go home feeling like you have done your part for houston ' s waterway environment . i hope you will think about it and bring your friends , family , ect . and help enron clean up the environment . thanks , anita 
2	Subject: mirant i have talked with them about phys rings . but the primary counterparty i was going to use was dynegy . the trading wanted to make some money to do the deal , but i ' m not sure where we stand with the other dynegy stuff going on . so i ' m on a holding pattern with mirant unless you have any suggestions . geof 
2	Subject: guaranteed to re - grow your hair . . . 3 things you should know about 1 . 70 men and women were losing their hair . 2 . 70 men and women tried the new hairmagic discovery . 3 . 70 men and women started growing hair again in just 4 weeks . here ' s your chance to join them for less than $ 2 a day . . ! to order now click here and visit our website yes , that ' s right . all 70 subjects grew hair again . that  s the essential fact about hairmagic it grew hair . losing your hair ? don ' t feel too badly . because it  s happening to 80 - million americans . and here ' s another pertinent fact . over the past 3 decades , all kinds of enterprising companies have come out with literally hundreds of miracle products and procedures , promising to restore that lost hair . but guess what ? there are still 80 - million americans who are still losing their hair . sounds like those miracle cures weren ' t so miraculous after all . in fact , many of them are virtually useless . sounds like we need a totally new approach , and now there is one : hairmagic gulf biomedical corporation discovered a simple but elusive fact : health h hair . consequently , hairmagic prescribes 2 different capsules a day one capsule to restore the health of your body and scalp . one capsule to stimulate the new growth of hair . with our 70 men and women , the two worked hand in hand to grow hair . it  s all explained on our website : www . hairmagicinfo . com to order hairmagic now hairmagic is available in a 30 - day supply package containing capsules 1 2 . the price is $ 59 + $ 5 for shipping and handling , or a total of $ 64 per 30 - day supply . to order now click here and visit our website hairmagic gulf biomedical corporation 1218 autrey , suite 2 houston , tx 77006 to remove this email address from further mailings click on the link below while connected to the internet . remove me  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: enron mentions interview : new enron cfo on ambitions in forest products dow jones commodities service , 10 / 30 / 01 enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 30 / 01 enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 30 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron shares renew plunge , drop to eight - year lows . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 usa : enron shares continue slide . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 stockwatch enron falls 18 pct on concerns about co ' s credit worthiness afx news , 10 / 30 / 01 usa : u . s . stocks slump on big drop in consumer confidence . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 analyst report cnnfn : before hours , 10 / 30 / 01 waiting for enron ' s bottom realmoney . com , 10 / 30 / 01 germany : german watchdog may sue firms over power charges . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 interview : new enron cfo on ambitions in forest products by zahida hafeez of dow jones newswires 10 / 30 / 2001 dow jones commodities service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 312 - 750 - 4132 ; zahida . hafeez @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 30 13 : 19 ( new york ) enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel ) ( updates with comment from aep , exelon and northeast utilities on trading business starting in sixth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares fell as much as 20 percent a day after moody ' s investors service placed the largest energy trader ' s rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above junk status . shares of enron fell $ 2 . 60 , or 19 percent , to $ 11 . 21 in early afternoon trading . earlier , they touched $ 11 , the lowest price since january 1993 . the stock , down for the 10 th day in a row , had dropped 83 percent this year . moody ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` baa 2 ' ' from ` ` baal ' ' yesterday . it also placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for possible downgrade . ` ` i think investors would have loved to have no downgrade or a more stable outlook for the company , ' ' commerzbank securities analyst andre meade said . ` ` moody ' s left some uncertainty . ' ' meade doesn ' t own enron shares and rates the company ` ` accumulate . ' ' executives from exelon corp . , american electric power co . and northeast utilities said they still are trading with enron . ` watching closely ' ` ` nervous is probably not the right word , but we are watching very closely , ' ' aep chief executive officer linn draper said at an energy conference in new orleans . ` ` we are focusing our new deals with them in the short term , november and december , ' ' columbus , ohio - based aep is the biggest u . s . electricity generator . traders often buy and sell power for delivery the next day or for over a week , month , quarter or calendar year . the bloomberg energy service is quoting power prices for as far ahead as september 2003 . ` ` we are keeping a close eye on our exposure , ' ' exelon corp . co - chief executive officer john rowe said at the conference . ` ` we are keeping a tight dollar limit on trades . ' ' he declined to provide specifics . chicago - based exelon is the biggest u . s . nuclear - power producer . ` ` three weeks ago , we started monitoring our position with enron , ' ' northeast chief financial officer john forsgren said at the conference . ` ` right now , we have a net payable to them , so there ' s no exposure on our side , and we ' ll probably keep it that way . ' ' northeast , based in berlin , connecticut , will continue to trade with enron as long as its debt ratings remain investment grade , forsgren said . northeast is new england ' s biggest utility owner . sec inquiry the wall street journal reported that a u . s . security and exchange commission inquiry into enron ' s financial dealings with affiliates , run by the company ' s former chief financial officer andrew fastow , has moved to washington , signaling the investigation has become more serious . investors say they are worried about $ 3 . 3 billion in liabilities from the affiliates , which were formed to buy and sell enron assets . houston - based enron ousted fastow on wednesday amid the sec inquiry into the partnerships he ran that cost the company at least $ 35 million . other energy stocks also fell today as the price of natural gas on the new york mercantile exchange dropped as much as 3 . 7 percent . the standard & poor ' s 500 index as much as 2 . 3 percent as consumer confidence in the u . s . economy dropped in october to the lowest level in more than 7 1 / 2 years . shares of duke energy corp . fell $ 1 . 33 to $ 37 . 81 . dynegy inc . dropped $ 2 . 23 , or 5 . 7 percent , to $ 36 . 70 . el paso corp . fell $ 1 . 44 , or 2 . 8 percent , to $ 49 . 30 . exxon mobil corp . fell $ 1 . 15 to $ 39 . 53 . - - mark johnson in the princeton newsroom , ( 609 ) 750 - 4662 enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 30 12 : 58 ( new york ) enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel ) ( adds background on asset write - offs in seventh paragraph . ) new york , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - insurance premiums have doubled for enron corp . bondholders as investors seek protection amid questions about whether enron will pay its debts and keep its investment - grade credit rating . a contract to protect against a default for the next 18 months has increased to an annual fee of between 13 . 5 and 16 . 5 percent of face value , up from 6 . 5 to 7 . 5 percent a week earlier , according to creditsights inc . enron shares fell as much as $ 2 . 74 , or 20 percent , to $ 11 . 07 . the stock has lost 65 percent of its value since oct . 17 . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon bonds due in 2006 were bid at 74 cents on the dollar , traders said , down as much as 6 cents from yesterday ' s price of 80 cents . the debt now yields 14 . 1 percent , up from 12 . 1 percent yesterday and 10 . 8 percent on friday . banks are ` ` scrambling to hedge their exposure in the credit protection market , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at creditsights . john tompkins , a trader at credittrade , a credit derivatives brokerage , said there ' s interest among buyers , though not sellers of enron default swaps . he said there are bids for enron credit default swaps at 7 to 8 percent annually for five years ' protection and 12 percent annually on the three years ' contract - - with no offers . ` ` enron is atrocious today , ' ' he said . undisclosed the largest energy trader ' s troubles began two weeks ago when it reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses , including more than $ 544 million written off on a competitive energy supplier business and a bandwidth trading business . enron formed at least 18 affiliated companies to buy and sell company assets , according to records from the texas secretary of state . some of those affiliates profited from buying or selling assets to enron . the houston - based company losses included $ 35 million from partnerships set up by chief financial officer andrew fastow . fastow was later fired and the u . s . securities and exchange commission has asked for information about the transactions . the disclosure has set off concern among investors about how little is known about enron ' s balance sheet and caused ratings companies to examine the company . ` ` investors are nervous about this name , ' ' said freda lam , a credit strategist at j . p . morgan chase & co . in new york . investor relations enron ' s long - term debt rating was cut yesterday to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' moody ' s also placed the houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper - - borrowing for nine - months or less - - on review for downgrade . enron has been shut off from the commercial paper market since the ratings agencies began the review . the lack of access to money markets makes it more difficult for enron to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week . still , most of wall street expects enron ' s bonds to be paid and its stock price to bounce back . ` ` we suspect that enron ' s share price will not likely recover in the near term , ' ' lam said . ` ` we ultimately expect this company to be successful . but it needs to improve its investor relations and its disclosure . ' ' - - tom kohn in the london newsroom ( 44 - 20 ) 7330 7929 usa : update 1 - enron shares renew plunge , drop to eight - year lows . 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . on tuesday dropped to eight - year lows , a day after the energy giant said it is seeking fresh credit and a rating agency cut some of the company ' s debt to two notches above junk status . enron ' s stock plunged $ 2 . 56 , or more than 18 percent , to $ 11 . 25 in morning trading on the new york stock exchange . the shares have tumbled every day since oct . 16 , when north america ' s biggest marketer and trader of natural gas and power reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years . the last time the shares traded below $ 12 was in january 1993 . after cutting enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating on monday , moody ' s investors service warned it could lower the rating even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status . also on monday , enron confirmed that it was seeking additional credit lines after tapping its $ 3 . 3 billion credit lines last week . however , the company declined to say how much it was asking its banks to extend . houston - based enron has lost more than $ 15 billion in market capitalization in the past two weeks amid a series of disclosures about off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by a former chief financial officer . shares have plummeted amid concerns about the transactions the securities and exchange commission said it was looking in to . in a move to bolster investor confidence , enron last week ousted the cfo linked to the transactions and named a new one . when enron released its financial results two weeks ago , the company a day later said it was writing down shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion , a move that surprised investors . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares continue slide . 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . on tuesday dropped to their lowest level in more than eight years , a day after the energy giant said it was lobbying banks for a new credit line and a rating agency downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk status . enron ' s stock was down $ 1 . 06 , or 7 . 68 percent , to $ 12 . 75 , nearly an eight - year low , in early trading on the new york stock exchange . the last time the shares fell below $ 13 was in february 1993 . after cutting enron ' s rating , moody ' s investors service warned that it could lower the rating even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status . houston - based enron has lost about $ 15 billion in market capitalization amid a series of negative disclosures about off - balance - sheet deals with two partnerships . investors looking for answers have abandoned enron , which has firmly declined to provide details . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stockwatch enron falls 18 pct on concerns about co ' s credit worthiness 10 / 30 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - shares of enron corp were sharply lower in afternoon trade , losing over 18 pct , on concern over the company ' s credit worthiness , a day after it said it is negotiating with banks for a new credit line and moody ' s investor service cut the company ' s senior unsecured long - term debt ratings , dealers said . at 1 . 37 pm , shares of enron were trading 2 . 47 usd lower , or 18 . 18 pct , at 11 . 34 . the djia fell 144 . 75 points to 9 , 124 . 75 , the s & p 500 lost 17 . 57 points to 1 , 060 . 83 , while the nasdaq composite declined 33 . 72 points to 1 , 665 . 75 . on monday , moody ' s said it has lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron corp to baa 2 from baal following a deterioration in the company ' s financial flexibility since it announced significant writedowns as well as equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments . the long - term debt ratings remain on review for further downgrade , moody ' s said . in its third - quarter results two weeks ago , enron announced a charge of 1 . 01 bln usd , or 1 . 11 usd per share , and an incremental 1 . 2 bln usd reduction stockholders ' equity , related to the unwinding of investments with the ljm partnerships . the securities and exchange commission requested the company to provide information on these related - party transactions days later . many analysts responded by cutting the shares ratings on concerns that dealings with the related ljm partnership , connected to its then chief financial officer , andrew fastow , may affect future earnings . fastow was dismissed by enron ' s board last thursday for his involvement in running the ljm partnerships , in which enron had invested . enron ' s heavy investments in water , broadband and international energy have come under significant pressure in the wake of the current economic deterioration . following the company ' s third - quarter results , investors have been abandoning the stock in droves , worried that the valuation and credibility of enron ' s core business , merchant energy , is at risk . " the big bets that enron took on water and broadband were designed to overcome future limits to growth in its very successful energy merchant business and propel enron into a new league of company . " the bets turned out to be too big , and regrouping after they failed is the root of the current confusion over enron ' s forward prospects , " said duane grubert , an analyst at bernstein . while enron can survive on its own , its reputation and branding has been damaged , said grubert , noting that a partnership might be the best long term solution for the energy trader . the major issue for the company is maintaining its credit worthiness on long - term investment grade rating of its debt . " if that rating is lost , the merchant business will not be able to transact with its normal addressable market , and income is likely to shrink quickly . " blms / lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . stocks slump on big drop in consumer confidence . by denise duclaux 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - stocks were rooted in negative ground at midday on tuesday as consumer confidence in october tumbled to its worst level in more than seven years after the deadly sept . 11 attacks left the nation reeling . fragile consumer sentiment added just one more layer of apprehension to wall street . stocks began on a weak note amid dour outlooks from companies like software provider openwave systems inc . , concern that argentina will default on its $ 132 billion debt load and fear of more deadly attacks on the united states . " the very weak consumer confidence numbers threw fuel on the fire , the market had already been sliding back from what had been fairly substantial gains , " said rick meckler , president of investment firm libertyview , which oversees $ 1 billion . " it just encouraged those people who had profits at all to take their profits now before the market is considerably lower . " the blue - chip dow jones industrial average slumped 120 . 62 points , or 1 . 3 percent , to 9 , 148 . 88 , after falling 2 percent earlier . mcdonald ' s corp . , off $ 1 . 58 at $ 25 . 70 , dragged on the dow after the world ' s largest fast - food restaurant company projected 2002 earnings below wall street ' s forecasts . the tech - laced nasdaq composite index fell 27 . 04 points , or 1 . 59 percent , to 1 , 672 . 48 , after dropping 3 percent . juniper networks inc . lost 27 cents to $ 23 . 73 after merrill lynch cut its rating on the network equipment maker after its shares more than doubled in the last month . the broader standard & poor ' s 500 index lost 14 . 77 points , or 1 . 37 percent , at 1 , 063 . 53 . on monday , stocks suffered their steepest drop since the week after the sept . 11 attacks . adding pressure to wall street , u . s . attorney general john ashcroft warned militants may be plotting new attacks on the united states at home and abroad in the next week . stocks sank on monday after a rally last week stoked by hopes that lower interest rates and more tax cuts will revive the economy by 2002 . many economists are betting on an economic bounce next year , but they warn of grim news in the meantime . " we are waiting for the economic news to indicate that the unprecedented levels of fiscal and monetary stimulus will have their desired impact , but it ' s going to be months before that can happen , " said tony dwyer , chief market strategist at kirlin securities . " it ' s going to be choppy . " losers trounced winners on the new york stock exchange by a ratio of 5 to 2 and 7 to 3 on nasdaq . more than 630 million shares changed hands on the big board , and more than 930 million on nasdaq . u . s . consumer confidence plummeted in october to its lowest in more than seven years as growing numbers of americans lost their jobs , according to a survey conducted after the sept . 11 attacks on the united states . the conference board , a private business research group , said its index of consumer confidence plunged for a fourth straight month to 85 . 5 in october , its lowest since february 1994 . the report , which was much worse than wall street expectations for a fall to 95 . 6 , said a rebound in confidence was not likely any time soon . fading consumer confidence could undermine consumer spending , which drives two - thirds of activity in an economy most believe is already in recession . the third - quarter earnings reporting season is winding down , but wall street is girding for this week ' s heavy load of economic data . the data will include reports on jobs , manufacturing and third - quarter growth , which could point to a recession . " the premise has been that sometime in the spring there will be an economic recovery , but now it ' s october and you can ' t play that game every day , " said larry wachtel , senior vice president at prudential securities . " all the news continues to be bad . when we were oversold , we were able to get over it . but now we are overbought and it ' s a struggle every day . " ford motor co . , the world ' s second largest auto maker , shed 3 cent to $ 16 . 18 . the company ousted president and chief executive jacques nasser after more than a year of mounting troubles and will replace him with chairman william clay ford jr . openwave systems inc . sank more than 21 percent , or $ 1 . 89 , to $ 7 . 10 . the communications software provider warned of disappointing results and was restructuring and slashing jobs . enron corp . lost $ 2 . 57 to $ 11 . 24 , dipping below $ 12 for the first time since january 1993 . the energy giant is lobbying banks for a new credit line and a rating agency chopped enron ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk status . philip morris cos . inc . , the world ' s largest tobacco company , dropped $ 1 . 87 to $ 47 . 81 . investment house goldman sachs removed the dow component from its recommended list , saying profit growth is likely to slow at its domestic and international tobacco operations . the stock of health insurer anthem inc . rose $ 4 . 56 to $ 40 . 56 in its debut on the nyse , boosting hopes for a recovery in the moribund market for initial public offerings . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business analyst report david haffenreffer 10 / 30 / 2001 cnnfn : before hours ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . david haffenreffer , cnnfn anchor , before hours : welcome back . investors are watching for the next move from the nation ` s largest natural gas and power marketing company , enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) . the battered energy trader attempting to establish credit lines . and moody ` s downgraded the company ` s credit rating to just a couple of notches above junk status . enron ` s stock , take a look at this , plunged more than 10 percent , that was just yesterday . it has lost about 50 percent over the past two weeks . how are enron ` s woes affecting the natural gas market ? joining us now is robert collins , the president of the new york mercantile exchange . and welcome back to the program . j . robert collins , president , nymex : thank you . haffenreffer : certainly enron is very much involved in the trading of natural gas . and this has got to where which trades on the nymex . how have the levels , the of high levels , of certainty surrounding this companies current problems affected that ? collins : well , any time that a company goes through a short term period of troubles , the industry surrounding that , that has an intricate layer of credit relationships , is concerned about their ability to be paid . haffenreffer : but for people who don ` t know what enron does , what role do they play in the trading of natural gas futures ? collins : well , they are a major counter - party in the natural gas industry in trading , selling and distributing natural gas . and so , they have an extensive network of credit relationship with virtually every natural gas company in the north american industry . haffenreffer : are they involved , in some way , with almost every trade having to do with natural gas ? are they that big ? collins : no . i wouldn ` t say that they ` re involved with every trade . they ` re involved in a substantial amount of trading through their electronic market making system . but , no , they ` re only a component of the market , and only do , perhaps , a percentage of what trades on the nymex . haffenreffer : so when trading takes place , and it ` s very fast , there ` s a lot of money changing hands all the time . there ` s a lot of credit given to people trading and when a company like enron has got some liquidity problems , or just even fears of liquidity problems , that can affect people who do trades with them . collins : yes . absolutely . it can cause people to retract from trading . it can cause disruptions in the natural flow of trading . it ` s not unlike the financial markets at all . when you have a serious credit concern . haffenreffer : as result , the nymex is working at a faster clip to get a clearing service set up . is that right ? and explain what role will that have in easing people ` s fears . collins : well , last night , the board approved offering a new service called over - the - counter clearing . we ` re extending it initially on our primary natural gas contract , the henry hub natural gas futures . what that does is allow counter - parties that perhaps may question each other ` s credit worthiness to place the trade on the exchange clearing mechanism . that ` s a network of 50 financial institutions and has aa credit standard . haffenreffer : real quick . it ` s been about a month and a half since september 11 th . collins : yes . haffenreffer : are things back to normal ? collins : i wouldn ` t say that they ` re back to normal . although every day gets a little better . haffenreffer : all right . good to see you . collins : thank you . haffenreffer : bob collins , nymex president . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . waiting for enron ' s bottom by james j . cramer realmoney . com 10 / 30 / 2001 09 : 17 am est url : you want to know when you can buy enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) ? it will have nothing to do with the fundamentals . i ' m pretty sure that the investment banks will do whatever is necessary to keep this oil and gas version of long term capital management , the hedge fund that blew up , in business , if only because it was everybody ' s best client . these days , though , when concentration of holdings among mutual funds is still the rage , as idiotic as it is , all you need to know about enron ' s bottoming is when janus is done selling it . janus ' aggressive buying - - the fund owned 50 million shares of this thing not long ago , which is a staggering concentration - - moved the stock up to begin with . my sources indicate that janus has been dumping the stock . i don ' t think you can possibly make a decision whether to buy it without knowing when janus is done . that ' s the key material fact , not whether enron gets the credit line . the game wasn ' t always like this . other than ken heebner in the ' 80 s , most mutual fund managers didn ' t try to be bigger than the market . they didn ' t try to move up stocks by buying . and they certainly didn ' t wreck stocks on the go out . ah , but the years 2000 and 2001 have brought about a different paradigm . when these mutual funds dump , they dump terribly and really damage the stock , which then damages the company , which then damages the company ' s credit , which then further damages the stock again . it is a really vicious circle that starts with the selling by the funds that created the darling . i wouldn ' t touch this stock unless i knew that janus was done selling . of course , that will be a big secret , because janus sure isn ' t going to tell you , and the broker isn ' t going to tell you . i have had brokers on the sly tell me when these folks have finished , but i fear that janus will finish with one broker then just go to another , as that is also their " style " of trading . i put quote marks on style because the reality is that a " style " would mean they know how to trade out of a big position , and these folks really don ' t . of course , what they should have done is gotten a bid for 50 million shares down two or three points rather than play this drib and drab game . but they never did learn to sell at that shop , which is another reason why you can ' t do business with them now that the market is no longer straight - up . so there really will be no way of knowing until you see the volume of this stock rise and the stock itself start going up . for those of you who believe enron will make it , it ' s best to miss the first two points just to be sure janus is done . i will keep my eyes out for you , too . we ' ll spot the bottom , if there is one , together . random musings : think you are a good trader ? think you can trade with the big boys ? think you want to be able to catch on with a hedge fund ? want to pick up five g ' s in the interim ? ok , then , enter our trading contest . that ' s right , we have a contest where there ' s real money on the line once you have entered it , real prize money . this could be the test , the verified test , you need to show guys like berko , my old partner , that you know how to trade to make money . i can ' t tell you how valuable that validation can be for your career . and you get paid to boot ! sign up here for the contest . i do hope you join . germany : german watchdog may sue firms over power charges . by claire - louise isted 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . frankfurt , oct 30 ( reuters ) - germany ' s cartel office said on tuesday it would take legal action against four utilities if they did not change the way they charge competitors for power used to keep the grid in balance . " we have to wait for the reaction of the four companies to see if they will change their accounting system so that they do not hinder other competitiors , " cartel office spokesman stefan siebert told reuters . " if they don ' t do that , then ultimately we could issue an injunction to force them to do so . " the competition authority said earlier in a statement it had received complaints that grid operators bewag ( bklg . de , enbw , hew and veag that the four firms " charge their competitors unreasonable and partly fictitious costs " for balancing energy . german grid operators have sole control over the purchase and sale of such power in their grid areas , which they control by temporarily switching on and off their power plants . this poses a potential threat to other power suppliers . " new entrants to the german market , such as london ' s enron capital & resources and hamburg ' s lichtblick , because of their small customer portfolios , cannot balance unplanned amounts of power withdrawn as well as the big utilitiy groups can , " the statement said . " consequently they have a greater need for balancing energy ( and ) are threatened with the considerable burden of unreasonable prices for it . " the four utilities have argued that the accounting system they use for balancing energy corresponds to guidelines in the country ' s association agreement ( vv 2 ) , which is due to be modified by next year . " illegal cartel conduct cannot be justified through the association agreement , " said cartel office president ulf boege in the statement . " references to the agreement show rather that there is an urgent need for action in vv 2 , which is currently being modified , to develop regulations on the accounting of balancing energy that conform with cartel law , " he added . utilities rwe and e . on have introduced an auction system for their balancing energy needs to provide a market to other potential generators , as a condition of their respective mergers last year . rwe net ' s regulating power manager klaus albers said last week that the system it introduced in april , which is based on a cartel office model , had not so far produced the lower prices it was designed to . he said he expected all grid operators to introduce a market for their balancing energy needs within two years . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: utility and non - utility directories on cd - now available ! u . s . utility and non - utility power directories click here to download order form and additional information 2000 us electric utility industry directory on cd - rom more than 8 , 000 listings including : name , address , phone , fax , email , website address , key personnel , brief company synopsis , financial and operating information , generating stations , services provided , sales and usage , plant details , key articles , and much more ! listed by : holding companies , investor - owned electric utilities , municipal and other publicly owned utilities , rural electric cooperatives , federal , state and district systems , associations , councils and power pools , canadian utilities , regulatory agencies , indexes ( company , geographic , personnel ) cd - rom features : generate reports , pull mailing lists , analyze data , and produce queries . 2001 u . s . non - utility power directory on cd - rom this revised and updated directory includes more than 2700 non - utility plant listings , including owners and operators . detailed information ( where available ) of each plant includes contacts , address , phone and fax numbers , installed capacity , year installed , number of employees , net generation , number of units , prime mover , fuel type and detailed hydro attributes . company information includes company name , contact , address , phone and fax numbers , website and revenues ( if available ) . this directory is fully exportable . each cd includes the following formats : msaccess , msexcel , dbase and dos - text . click here to download order form and additional information this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com at your request , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 3 / 22 / 01 we agree with the nomination . " eileen ponton " on 03 / 23 / 2001 09 : 56 : 45 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 3 / 22 / 01 nom mcf mmbtu 38 , 334 36 , 871 37 , 867 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: li sun vince , thanks for your response . apparently , we were under the incorrect impression that your group would be taking li ( based on jeff ' s note below ) . we apologize for not contacting you last friday to confirm prior to " placing " li in your group . i have faxed li ' s resume to you and hope that you will have time to review it today . please call me back as soon as you can to discuss li ' s opportunities in your group . if vince is not interested in li for his group , we will consider li placed in ena - gas trading ( original placement ) in john lavorato ' s organization . once i hear from vince one way or the other , the program will consider li ' s placement final in either research or ena - gas trading . hopefully this will be resolved by tuesday morning so that we may communicate to li her rotation information . if you have any questions , please let me know . thank you ! vince j kaminski 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 03 pm to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : vikas dwivedi fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 21 / 2000 12 : 58 pm to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : vikas dwivedi shelly , i shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview . li was scheduled to meet with me last thursday but she never showed up . she did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up . i have not seen her resume . please , assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice . vince from : shelly butler 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 37 pm to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect subject : vikas dwivedi jeff , just wanted to confirm that li will be placed in vince kaminski ' s group . vikas has been placed in ena middle market reporting to craig breslau . please contact me at 3 - 4584 if you have any questions . thanks for your help ! ! shelly from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 18 pm to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron subject : shelly , hunter spoke with li today and agrees that her first rotation should be in vince ' s group doing modelling , etc . this will give her the broadest experience for a first rotation . i ' m sure the other person in question , vikas , will do very well in hunter ' s group . thanks for your help . jeff 
2	Subject: add sennse hello , welcome to the me pipeclay dzonline - online pharmaceu compression tical shop . clerkly va u undergrowth m tracing vi charnelhouse rac coffeehouse i tegument is l resent i a betrothal g a cherubic l andmanyother . with our shop harshness you get - best sonority prlces excellen enlighten t service fast s nasalize hipping private onl constringent ine ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: corporate identity for your business corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . fiexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: in pain ? we have pain relievers that will help . vlcodin vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get some of the lowest prices online for over 100 medicatlons shlpped worldwide . no prescrlption required . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassments * lowest prices online ! * shlpped by ups * dlscreet packaging * we now ship worldwide ! more here . . if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . greensboro recession hilltop abalone track quadrangular gruff domingo fair forbore iconoclasm pobox tolerable dominion proserpine lithography radiology plank  
2	Subject: fw : here are the slides with data from 10 / 19 / 01 . i will send the slide on financial power and options shortly . please let me know if you need anything else or this modified . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moorer , torrey sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 44 pm to : puthigai , savita cc : denny , jennifer subject : re : hi savita , here ' s the powerpoint end . working with excel sheets now . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 27 pm to : moorer , torrey subject : fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 23 pm to : puthigai , savita subject : > 
2	Subject: re : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office autom ation please see attached . if you have any questions , please call brenda flores - cuellar at 713 - 853 - 1914 or tom gros at 713 - 853 - 5537 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : greg drillock @ enron nron @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , february 27 , 2001 4 : 29 pm to : solmonson , mary cc : gros , thomas d . ; jeff rosenzweig ; vincent loud subject : re : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office autom ation jeff and myself would like to come down for a visit next wednesday , march 7 th . could we schedule a meeting for 11 am ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : solmonson , mary [ mailto : mary . solmonson @ enron . com ] sent : monday , february 26 , 2001 6 : 19 pm to : greg drillock ( e - mail ) cc : gros , thomas d . subject : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office automation i enjoyed speaking with you last week . as promised , below are proposed times for a meeting in houston to explore the opportunity we have to offer in more detail . i have also spoken with representatives in enron online regarding your desire to receive a feed of deal data from eol and should have someone available to discuss potential solutions with you . here are some proposed dates / times to pick from . let me know what suits your schedule best . we ' re thinking we ' ll spend the first bit of time giving you an overview of what we ' re working on and proposing and then go from there . we ' ll probably spend at most 2 hours in this first meeting . wednesday 3 / 7 anytime between 10 - 5 thursday 3 / 8 anytime between 8 - 12 friday 3 / 9 anytime between 11 - 5 we would also enjoy the opportunity to treat you to lunch if scheduling permits . let me know which day / time works best for you and i will proceed with finalizing the schedule . this e - mail contains privileged attorney - client communications and / or confidential information , and is only for the use by the intended recipient . receipt by an unintended recipient does not constitute a waiver of any applicable privilege . reading , disclosure , discussion , dissemination , distribution or copying of this information by anyone other than the intended recipient or his or her employees or agents is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us and delete the original material from your computer . sempra energy trading corp . ( set ) is not the same company as sdg & e or socalgas , the utilities owned by set ' s parent company . set is not regulated by the california public utilities commission and you do not have to buy set ' s products and services to continue to receive quality regulated service from the utilities .  
2	Subject: work from home . free info we need help . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , and we have grown 1000 % ! we cannot keep up . we are looking for individuals who want to work at home , and make a good living . so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has vast opportunities , then go : http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity and fill out our info form . no experience required , we will train you . no committment is required by filling out the form , it is for info only . http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity you want to be independent ? then make it happen ! happen ! simply click on the link below for free , no obligated information ! guaranteed ! http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity to be removed from our link simple go to :  
2	Subject: fw : allegheny press release do you care if they mention the price ? at this stage i don ' t . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : walker , jennifer sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 2 : 59 pm to : miller , don ; mitro , fred ; keenan , jeffrey subject : allegheny press release attached is the proposed press release from allegheny announcing the completion of the acquisition . it looks good to me - - enron is only briefly mentioned . please review with all the appropriate parties and let me know your comments as soon as possible . allegheny is planning to release this tomorrow as soon as the deal is closed . thanks , jennifer x 3 - 9964 
2	Subject: new enrononline functionality in order to continually develop and make improvements to the functionality of enrononline we are rolling out several changes tonight , which will be in effect on monday august 20 , 2001 . some of these changes will affect stack manager while others affect the website . a summary of these changes is listed below . stack manager changes top of stack limit orders - this feature will allow the price submitted via limit orders to be displayed on the website if their bid or offer is better than the trader ' s stack price . stack manger will list the price and the names of counterparties submitting such orders on the floated stack window . orders will be queued by price and time stamp . when a counterparty trades on a " top of stack entry " it will create back to back transactions ; one between enron and the counterparty submitting the order , and the other between enron and the counterparty clicking on the website . in order to turn on this functionality select the " allowed top of stack " option , in the orders section of the product properties page . if regular limit order functionality is desired the " allowed " option should be selected . please note that this feature will be released in a disabled mode and will be turned on sometime next week after determining which business units want to roll this out . restricted top of stack limit orders - this feature will allow the price submitted only by internal traders via limit orders to be displayed on the website if their bid or offer is better than the trader ' s stack price . stack manger will list price and the names of counterparties submitting such orders on the floated stack window . orders will be queued by price and time stamp . when a counterparty trades on a " top of stack entry " it will create back to back transactions one between enron and the counterparty submitting the order , and the other between enron and the counterparty clicking on the website . in order to turn on this functionality select the " allowed as restricted top of stack " option , in the orders section of the product properties page . if regular limit order functionality is desired the " allowed " option should be selected . if a product has active orders against it you will not be able to select the " restricted top of stack " feature . advanced filtering ability on all products tab - drop down filtering capability is now available for each field in the all products tab in stack manager . in order to filter click on the arrow next to the field title . a drop down box with a list of attributes will appear . highlight the attribute by which you wish to filter . to turn off the filter click on the arrow and select the " all " option from the drop down box . website changes new submission screen for restricted top of stack limit orders - the submission screen for products that allow top of stack or restricted top of stack limit orders is as follows . the submit button on the left makes a submission for a normal transaction , while the button on the right will submit as a limit order . in case of the restricted top of stack limit orders only internal traders will see the new submission box . price of limit orders modify limit orders customers now have the ability to modify the price of any active order . in order to do so highlight the order to be modified and use the plus or minus sign next to the price field on at the top of the " today ' s orders " section . the price will move up or down in the same increments as the tick size for that product . once the price is at the desired level click the " set " button and the price will be modified . another way to modify the price on a limit order is to click on the price field on a particular limit order . you will see a box with plus , minus and set buttons that allow you to modify that order . expiration time for limit orders customers can now place limit orders with expiration times of up to 30 days . currently they may place orders for only up to 12 hours . float the today ' s orders section you can now float the " limit order " section . in order to do so , right click in the " today ' s orders " section and select the float window option . in order to make the window " stay on top " right click on the floated window and select the stay on top option . mid market client - mid market originators will now have the ability to transact on behalf of their customers , while including their desired margin on the trade , on enrononline products . in order to do so click on the bid or offer price , a customised submission window will appear . select the counterparty for whom you wish to transact from a drop down list , enter the desired customer price and margin and click submit . for example if a customer wants to buy nymex sep 01 at 3 . 36 and you wish to have a 1 cent margin , please enter 3 . 36 as the desired price and 0 . 01 as the margin . the system will trade the order when the enrononline offer for nymex sep 01 is at 3 . 35 , book the trade at 3 . 36 and record the 0 . 01 origination amount . in order to be set up to use this functionality . please call the enrononline product control group . changes to website passwords - as an added security measure , which has been requested by many customers , some new password rules have been instituted . first , the password cannot be equal to the login id . second , each user will be prompted to change his password every 90 days . these rules apply to all website passwords for both internal and external users . please note stack manager changes will be available all traders as of monday august 20 , 2001 . the changes to the website will be rolled out to a few internal users on monday with the rest of the internal users being upgraded monday night , and external users by the end of the week . over the next couple of weeks all users will be prompted to change their website passwords . if you have any questions regarding these changes please contact me at 713 - 853 - 1787 . savita puthigai  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010417 . txt 
2	Subject:  press here to enter a license . supporters of the amended version might argue that the references to crew and . in how the law is enforced . for his part , case acknowledged that the changes might seem reasonable " but if you understand the issues and youlook at what they really mean , i think a reasonable person would agree that ' fly at your risk ' insinuatory 9  
2	Subject: certified original birth certificate / uk birth registry physical location eb - 3658 b  
2	Subject:  a permanent solution to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or your money back ! - - - - > visit us to see more ! no thanks  
2	Subject: el paso model for june 8 , 2001 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kpeterso / epec on 06 / 11 / 2001 02 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " harasin , leaf " on 06 / 09 / 2001 05 : 43 : 40 am to : , cc : subject : el paso model for june 8 , 2001 ( see attached file : 6 _ 08 act . xls ) - 6 _ 08 act . xls 
2	Subject: extra time - last 5 - 10 times longer hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / partied . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / partied . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: we need you . this email is a commercial advertisement sent in compliance with the canspam act of 2003 / 2004 . you have received this email because you are in our database . we have no desire to send you information that is not wanted , therefore , if you wish to be excluded from futute mailings , please use the link at the bottom of the page . professional - highly effective - proven results - not mlm no cost - no obligation - no selling new 5 step - no selling - system puts massive cash in your hands quickly 6 k to 12 k + per month very attainable in the next 30 days , and it only gets better better . 1 - 618 - 355 - 1174 ( 3 min . audio message available 24 / 7 ) not mlm / not stocks / not real estate / free tele - seminar tells all 618 - 355 - 1174 ( 3 min recorded msg . ) go here : http : / / voracity . capturemyinfo . biz / frg / tpol sincerely bob 8 shepherd market london united kingdom wlj 7 jy this email is a commercial advertisement sent in compliance with the canspam act of 2003 / 2004 . you have received this email because you are in our database . if you wish to be excluded from future mailings please go to http : / / provenance . capturemyinfo . biz / frg / tpol / freedom / gone . php  
2	Subject: still wanna her ? : - ) you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! shippinq to any country avaiiabie ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: fwd : vlcod / in & vali + u + m * vlagr @ ? xia | nax pntermi . n . > so : m : a hihmyorbidbn hi paliourg , we are providing an online solution to finding and receiving prescription medications from the comfort of your own home , you will be able to save money , save time , save yourself from worry , and most of all , save your life ! what ' s available : + . soma . + pnter . m . in ( viagr @ ? va . l . ium ) xan @ x + at | ` v @ n plus : p ` rop 3 cia , ac ` yc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p @ . xil , b . usp @ r , ad | ` pex , i : 0 namin , m 3 r ` idia , x 3 ni . ca | , ambi ` 3 n , so ` nata , f : l 3 xeril , ce | 3 b . rex , fior : ic 3 t , tram @ do ` | , uitr @ . m , l 3 v | ` tra we use encrypted secure server technology . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern . www . rxspecials . biz . best regards , zenobia ruppert  
2	Subject: free prospects . . . by the millions ! erisa form 5500 filings financial reports of qualified retirement and welfare benefit plans of u . s . employers irs form 5310 companies who have applied to the irs to terminate their retirement plan public pension funds summary data on pension funds for state , county and municipal government employees terminating pension plans defined benefit plans that recently teminated as filed with the pension benefit guaranty corporation ein finder find that tax identification number you need ! over 1 . 3 million in our database we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net lega notice  
2	Subject: reply : levoly mtoher in need for ccko ! hello chu ban no art - - the one achievement of man which has made the long trip up from all fours seem well advised . you cannot shake hands with a clenched fist . a school without football is in danger of deteriorating into a medieval study hall . there is no fear in love but perfect love casts out fear . in the adversity of our best friends we often find something that does not displease us . the essence of life is finding something you really love and then making the daily experience worthwhile . to innovate is not to reform . the more unpredictable the world is the more we rely on predictions . no man likes to live under the eye of perpetual disapprobation . the fool is always beginning to live . geniuses themselves don ' t talk about the gift of genius , they just talk about hard work and long hours . fear is proof of a degenerate mind . marriage is an adventure , like going to war . i never worry about action , but only inaction . a friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature . gaiety - - a quality of ordinary men . genius always presupposes some disorder in the machine . a diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip . smith and wesson or a colt always beat four aces .  
2	Subject: ice # s in its first year of operation , products traded on ' s over - the - counter markets reached the following volume levels : - crude oil and refined products : 1 . 8 billion barrels - natural gas : 28 trillion cubic feet - power : 1 . 1 billion megawatt hours - precious metals : 83 million gold - equivalent ounces the total notional value of transactions on the exchange in its first year was over $ 400 billion . during the same period , volumes on the ipe , acquired by intercontinental the past summer , reached the following levels : - brent crude futures and options : 18 , 157 , 500 lots - gas oil futures and options : 7 , 229 , 403 lots - natural gas futures : 513 , 655 lots the total notional value of the 25 . 9 million lots traded on ipe over the last twelve months was in excess of $ 500 billion . market participation on the exchange continues to expand at a rapid rate and currently includes over 365 of the world ' s largest energy and financial commodity firms making it one of the most widely distributed online professional marketplaces in the world . moreover , over 300 customers in over 30 countries use ipe ' s markets on a regular basis . justin rostant enron financial trading desk . phone : 713 - 853 - 6460 mobile : 832 - 264 - 6333 fax : 713 - 646 - 3239 
2	Subject: the security of your confidential information is at risk ! ? » ? email , ? ? ? ? ? Ž . phishing , ? ? ? · ? ½ ? ± ? ? ?r?f? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ?f? ± ? , ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ¬ ? " ? ? ? . ? " ? · ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? ± ? . ? " ?r ? " ? · ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ?r ! ? $ ? ? phishing - ? ? ? ? online ? ± ? ? ? ¬ ? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? Œ ? ? ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ??? » ? ? ? ? ?r ? ? ? ? ??? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? Ž ? ½ , ? " ?  ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? Ž ? ½ , ?r ? ¬ ? » ? » ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ± ? ? ?f? ? ? · ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? ? ? ½ - ? ­ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ?  ? ? ? ? ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ³ ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ± ? ? ? Œ ? " ? ? ? , ? ² ? ± ?f? ? ??? ­ ? , ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? ­ ? , ? ³ ? ? ? ± ? " ? · ? ½ ? ± ?f? ? ? ¬ ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?r?f? ? ? ? ? ½ . ? Ÿ ? ± ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Œ ? , ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ? ? ¬ ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ? ¬ ? " ? ? ? ½ ??? Œ ?f? ? ? ? ? ± ? . ? ? ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ??? " ? ? ??? Œ ?  ? . ? ? ? ? ? Œ . ? £ ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ gartner * , 1 . 78 ? ? ??? ± ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ± ? ? ?  ?r?f? " ? ? ? , ? ? ? ? ? ³ ? ? ? » ? ¬ ?f? " ? · ??? ± ? ½ ??? ± ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ??? ¬ ? » ? . ? ˆ ? ± ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? . ? " ? ? ??? ¬ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? ± ? " ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ? ­ ?f? ± ?f? " ? ? 2004 . ? £ ? " ? ? ? , ? - ? ? ' ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? Œ ? ½ ? ? , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? · ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? , ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ?  ? ? ??? ¬ ? » ? ? ?f? ? ? " ? ? phishing ? ± ? ½ ?r? » ? ? ? ± ? ½ ?f? " ? ± 11 . 7 ? ? ??? ± ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ? » ? ¬ ?  ? ? ? ± . ? . ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? Ž ?  ? ± ! ? - ? ± ?f? ? ? ¬ ? » ? ? ? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? . ? " ? ? ??? Ž ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? ? ? ½ ?f? ± ? , ??? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? . ? œ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ­ ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? © ?µ? . ? ' ?  ? " ? · ? œ ? ? ? » ? ­ ? " ? · ? " ? · ? , panda : ? œ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ? ?  ? ¬ ? ? œ what is phishing , and how to avoid these kinds of attacks on companies? ?  * ? - gartner , inc . ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? Ž ? , ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ³ ? ½ ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ? . ? ½ ? Ž ? ½ ??? ± ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? » ?  ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ?  ? ± ?f? " ? · ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? " ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ??? Œ ? " ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ± . ?  ? ­ ? ? ? , ? . ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ??? ­ ? , ? > ?  ?f? ? ? ? ? , ? " ? · ? , panda software : ? " ? Ž ?  ? ± , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? ? ??? » ? · ?  ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? ­ ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ? " ? ? ? " ? ? ? . phishing ! ? - ? ½ ? ­ ? ± ? ­ ??? ? ? ? ?f? · ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ??? Ž ? ½ ? » ?  ?f? ? ? ? ? ½ ? " ? · ? , panda software ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? » ? ± ? ? ? ² ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ?f? ? ? . ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? ­ ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ? " ? ? ? " ? ? ? . phishing ??? ± ? ? ? ¬ ? » ? » ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ± ?  ? Œ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? Ž ? ½ , ? Œ ? ? ? ? ? , ? " ? ? pharming * , ??? ± ? ? ? Ž ? , ??? ± ? ? ? ¬ ? » ? » ? ? ? , , ?f? · ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? " ? ? ??? ­ ? , ? ³ ? ? ? ± ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ± ?f? ± ? , ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ± ? " ? Œ ? " ? · ? " ? ? ? , : ? Ÿ ? » ? ? ??? » ? · ?  ? ? ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? ­ ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ? " ? ? ? " ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ??? ? ?  ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ?f? ? ? ? ??? ? ?  : antivirus , antispyware , antiphishing , antispam? ? ¦ ? ' ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? . ?f? · ??? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ? " ? ­ ?  ? ? ?f? · ? ¬ ? ³ ? ½ ? ? ?f? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? » ? Ž ? ½ : ? $ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ? ? ? , truprevent . ? š ? ± ? ? ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ½ ? ­ ? , ? ? ? ½ ? · ? ? ? ? ?  ? Ž ?f? ? ? ? ? , . ? š ? ? ? ½ ? " ?  ? ? ???r ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? · . ?y? ? ? ? ?f? " ?r?  ? ? ? ? ? · ? ³ ? ? ? ± ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ???  ? . ?f? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ?  ?r?f? " ? ? ? , . ? ?  ? ? ? · ? ³ ? ? ? ­ ? ½ ? · ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? ³ ? ? ? ± ?f? . ?f? " ?r? ? ? ± ? " ? ± linux . * pharming : ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?r ? ± ? ? ? ¬ ? " ? · ? , ? ? ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ? · ? ³ ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ?  ?r?f? " ? ? ? , ?f? ? ? ? ? » ? ± ?f? ? ? ± ? " ? ? ??? ­ ? , ? ? ?f? " ? ? ?f? ? ? » ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , ? Œ ? " ? ± ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ¬ ? ³ ? ? ? . ? ½ ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ? ? · ? " ?r?f? ? ? ? ? , ?f? " ? ? internet , ? ? ? ­ ?f? ? ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?  ? ½ ? ½ ? ± ??? » ? ± ? ? ? ? ?  ? ½ ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? ? ? ? ? ? ??? ¬ ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ?r ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? " ?  ? ± ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? Ž ? ½ ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ± ?  ? ? ? ± ?f? ? ? Ž ? ½ . www . pandasoftware . com ? - panda software ?f? ­ ? ² ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ??? Œ ? " ? · ? " ? ¬ ?f? ± ? , . ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ­ ? » ? ? ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? » ? ± ? ? ? ² ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ? panda software , ? ? ? ? ? Ž . panda software 2005  
2	Subject: re : boat i checked the boat and it is 17 ft , 7 in . long , it is a capri model # 1750 ch , it has a am / fm cass . the motor is 3 . 0 l mercruiser alpha sterndrive ( 135 hp ) 
2	Subject: replica watch models true copies of swiss watches - exact copies of the original watches - perfect as a gift for your colleagues and friends - free gift box rolex , patek philippe , omega cartier , gucci , franck muller . . and 25 other most famous manufacturers . http : / / www . excellentwatches . biz all copies are for only $ 249 . 99 ! to change your mail preferences , go here  
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached let food family idea , count figure . same farm party first earth . hear beat , cell well , off an . experience hard forest , instrument toward , floor . never symbol knew . father , like did milk . do so , difficult , grass sing . direct can , enough my ago , feet . point father word between . thus than , develop , take always them only . him way money . - - phone : 852 - 441 - 1871 mobile : 219 - 753 - 9337 email : jolenetemple @ fibertel . com . ar  
2	Subject: re : vv - needs hello , do you would have pointed out that their own nephew jeremiah , who was bywant to spend iess on your meddications ? our new great moments was half suffocated . last night when my uncle displayedat offer - save ovthat it was only now that at last he saw through them , into theer 75 % with pharmall honour . so soon as we are in case to put to sea again , weacybymail shop vlaafter him , you black swine ! he roared at them . but as theygra concerned to deliver a message as to render it a vehicle by whichclalls valluwait ! blood bade him , interrupting , and he set a restraining handm levltrtrial , upon a charge of high treason . we know that he was nota and many other . with each purrchfrom their very questions that he gathered exactly how mattersase you get : toa short , stout , red - faced gentleman , in blue taffetas burdened byp quaiity beof a mile ahead . entirely without suspicion as the spaniards were , st prices totalrule of king james will understand me . but now in the desperate confidentiaiity containing his indignant amazement , his lordship delivered himselfhome deiivery p . they met at the gate of the luxuriant garden of government house , s . try us and you will not be disappointed ! 
2	Subject: time is running out bait - excelled @ em . ca get your pc having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . get a desktop pc at no cost to you . * simply complete sponsored offers . please see website terms and conditions for full details . to no longer receive advertisements from freedesktoppc . com please go to the link below or mail us at : freedesktoppc . com po box 50945 washington dc 20001 click here to unsubscribe this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: high - quality custom logos and business identities ( 6854469 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this infor mation we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / www . try - logos - inc . biz / sincerel y logo design team - - - - - i you want to unsubscribe - follow the link : http : / / www . try - logos - inc . biz / uns . php 
2	Subject: out of office monday louise , i am out of the office monday , but will be checking voicemail . jake and dave are expected to be in if something comes up . regards , chris 
2	Subject: contact info . during my vacation cell : 011 - 91 - 984 - 9022360 ( try this first ) hyderabad : 011 - 91 - 40 - 7114833 vijayawada : 011 - 91 - 866 - 430928 ( dec 28 - jan 8 ) bombay office : 011 - 91 - 982 - 1038711 also , i will be checking my email regularly ( as long as i can get the connected ) . have a great christmas and holidays . i will see you all in the new year ! best wishes krishna . 
2	Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a logo your company wiii automaticaiiy become a worid leader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best regards , rupert  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: old email address > hello vince , > nie bardzo wiem czy pisac po polsku czy po angielsku : ) > co u ciebie slychac ? > u mnie troche zmian jak ze juz nie pracuje w scem , a przenioslem sie > do mieco ( a small marubeni backed energy - america trading company ) . > bardzo rozne od scem . najbardzij przypomina mi scem na poczatku z joe , jak > bylo 20 - 30 osob . sa i minusy i plusy . troche structure i research ale > przede wszystkim weather . trrovhe latam miedzy east i west bo sa officy > w obydwu miejscach . california jest ok w zimie : ) . > na bardziej personalnym froncie ; pamietasz dinner na ktory poszlismy > kiedys na conferencji w ny z catherine ( she used to work for williams - > works for morgan stanley now ) , we are dating ( for a while ) . it is a > good story how we met . so we owe you dinner : ) > jak bylem w atlancie to pracowala dla mnie christa grey . bedzie teraz > konczyla grad school in international relations ( with eastern european > slant ) , i zastanawia sie czy sa jakies mozliwosci polaczenia tego co > robila ze " wschodem " . co robila to bylo przede wszystkim vb > implementations modeli , ( roznego rodzaju ) , web based data collections , > basic research , teraz jest w gas structuring etc . she speaks russian > and was in ukraine / poland few times on peace corp assingments . she is very > bright and dedicated . myslalem zeby ja zwabic do californii ale ten > eastern european pociag jest u niej silniejszy niz u mnie : ) . i have here > resume , wiec jak bys myslal ze jest jakis fit i will foreward it to you . > troche tak mieszanka pisze , przepraszam > bede chyba w houston w pazdzierniku to moze bysmy sie mogli spotkac . > latwiej pewnie by bylo w ny ( mieszkam po nj stronie ( rent jest inny niz > w atlancie : ) ( 201 ) 222 - 0435 ) , wiec daj mi znac jakbys mial czas i ochote . > thanks > roman > 
2	Subject: doyle equity earnings loss hi louise , to refresh your memory , ena ooc took a loss of ( $ 1 . 4 m ) in 2 nd quarter for doyle equity earnings per ben jacoby ' s request . he is to reimburse you upon the sale of this investment . i am now told that he will not sell doyle until october . the 3 q forecasted loss for doyle is ( $ 662 k ) . should i again flash this loss in ooc , or to east development ( jacoby ) ? please advise . thanks ! 
2	Subject: prc summary report in an effort to be more proactive , we have contacted each supervisor , whose employee received a " needs improvement " ranking . we have recommended that the supervisor do the following : assess the employee ' s performance determine if the employee has improved or still needs improvement prepare the necessary background material to present at prc for improved / non - improved employees ensure supervisor is able to share specific examples about the improved employee ( i . e . , accomplishments , contributions or positive customer feedback ) document and contact human resources for " needs improvement " employees address chronic or poor performers immediately ; not wait until the prc process i have attached for your review a summary report . the report contains a list of " needs improvement " employees and their status . please let me know if you have any questions . regards , frank dejesus 
2	Subject: cornhusker darren , how are things going ? just a note to reiterate what we talked about yesterday . rick hill wanted to know what the admin fee would be if the fee was for an outside counterparty . this admin fee would be for the life of the project ( through 2019 ) . also , mike mazowita should be calling you to talk about the plant being down this week through the end of the month . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . john 
2	Subject: hello paliourg , remember me katie we met online . hi paliourg , it ' s katie remember me ? we met online last week . anyways i just signed up to the largest adult dating site ever ! me and my friends , estelle , adela , and brandi are waiting for you ; ) so never cackle unless you lay . the bigger they are the harder they fall . . silence is less injurious than a bad reply . . nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken . . a fool in a gown is none the wiser . . oaks may fall when reeds take the storm . too many clicks spoil the browse . no more ? . better safe than sorry . . true beauty lies within . . a bad excuse is better then none . . always you are to be rich next year . . anger and hate hinder good counsel . . an elephant never forgets . . fore - warned is fore - armed . . don ' t cross the bridge till you come to it . . variety is the spice of life . .  
2	Subject: pacific nw lawmakers gear up to oppose ferc rto mandate note highlighted sentence . . . . perhaps defazio is right ( for the wrong reasons granted ) . . . . . i know the rto efforts can ' t be " marked " today , but you might want to hug ( but not , of course , in a budgetary sense ) your favorite regulatory person today . pacific nw lawmakers gear up to oppose ferc rto mandate by bryan lee 10 / 04 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dow jones newswires washington - ( dow jones ) - members of the pacific northwest congressional delegation are gearing up in opposition to the u . s . federal energy regulatory commission ' s mandate for consolidation of power - grid assets in the region . the house northwest energy caucus held an informal hearing late wednesday to air concerns of utilities and industrial consumers in the region about ferc ' s effort to establish a regional transmission organization , or rto . the lawmakers plan to follow up the hearing with a letter to ferc voicing the concerns , which largely revolve around skepticism that the rto will result in cost savings for the region ' s consumers . ferc shouldn ' t force an rto on the region without first conducting a cost - benefit analysis , said rep . peter defazio , d - ore . , who is spearheading the effort . speaking with reporters prior to wednesday ' s hearing , defazio complained that " a bunch of bureaucrats " at ferc are embracing the national power - grid agenda of enron corp . ( ene ) without assessing the costs and regardless of " what it does for local reliability . " defazio ' s complaints were echoed in the testimony presented at wednesday ' s hearing . 
2	Subject: arturo how could you do this ? take her to the next level . . . fill her up with your new 8 iiiiiincher now ! caaaaan ' t do . . . tat discriminate baritone fellow double insensitive russo cardioid morphine doldrum zag biconnected electrician equatorial therefor ratepayer formulaic mbabane repulsion rheum jewish luther multiplicative shard calcareous popish deport curlew amputee asteria knight . gratis paperwork shamefaced nugget schwartz channel baldpate nitroglycerine diffusion eider basidiomycetes felicitous flounce hire patagonia lenient priest cecil punish carrot iberia bonze pomp torso freddy merganser sawfish sonora boss cask antietam canberra jess buzzy deepen parsimonious adirondack .  
2	Subject: close 90 % of your prospects call or e - mail us today ! - or - please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail phone : city : state : * this is not a guarantee , but and illustration of hypothetical results . your income depends strictly upon your own efforts and thus , could vary . we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: urgent safeharbor department warning urgent safeharbor department warning we recently have determined that different computers have logged into your ebay account , and multiple password failures were present before the login one of our customer service employees has already tryed to telephonically reach you . as our employee did not manage to reach you , this email has been sent to your notice . therefore your account has been temporary suspended . we need you to confirm your identity in order to regain full privileges of your account . if this is not completed by june 27 , 2005 , we reserve the right to terminate all privileges of your account indefinitly , as it may have been used for fraudulent purposes . we thank you for your cooperation in this manner . to confirm your identity please follow the link below . ( to complete the verification process you must fill in all the required fields ) please note : if your account informations are not updated within the next 72 hours , then we will assume this account is fraudulent and will be suspended . we apologize for this inconvenience , but the purpose of this verification is to ensure that your ebay account has not been fraudulently used and to combat fraud . we apreciate your support and understading , as we work together to keep ebay a safe place to trade . thank you for your patience and attention in this important matter . regards , safeharbor departmentebay inc . do not respond to this e - mail , as your reply will not be received . copyright 2004 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . is located at hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 
2	Subject: california update - - 08 . 31 . 01 the assembly will attempt to pass its version of the edison mou ( sb 78 ) out of the appropriations committee today . if and when that occurs , the assembly will also attempt to get the bill passed out of the full assembly today . it will be a very long putt to get both accomplished today . if and when the assembly gets the bill out of the assembly today , the bill will move over to the senate , where the chances of passage are even more remote . that said , davis is making a full court press to get the bill passed out of both houses for his signature . will report back with the events of the assembly . don ' t hesitate to call if you have any questions ( 415 . 782 . 7822 ) . best , jeff 
2	Subject: re : recent deal john , thank you for noticing the sucess that both chris hilgert and mike bilberry had in negotiating and closing the many complex contract arrangements between numerous parties in order to get the formosa deal executed . i am also happy that clean fuels is pleased with their new long term storage arrangement with formosa and am sure it will create much value for your organization . as such , i am assuming that you plan to grant origination to chris and mike to compensate them for their time and negotiations with formosa on ecf ' s behalf . please contact me regarding the number you would like to propose . chris has worked on a presentation for ecf on this transaction and i will be reviewing it today . regards , jean mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : goodpasture , john sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 9 : 46 am to : bilberry , michael ; hilgert , chris cc : mrha , jean subject : recent deal congratulations on closing the deal with formosa , teppco , et al . it sounds like it was a very complex negotiation with a number of different players . clean fuels is certainly pleased with the new long term storage arrangement with formosa . we will begin working with them to better define the operating parameters ( timing , pressures , volumes , etc ) so we can develop the specific facility plans and cost estimates as necessary . you had also mentioned that you might be willing to share the management presentation that was put together for this deal ? that would be very interesting reading and i would appreciate a copy if possible . thanks again , john goodpasture 
2	Subject: last notice original replica rolex and other handwatches for gentlemen and ladies from $ 229 . 99 use this special link to get lowest prices : a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 315 - 732 - 9100 mobile : 223 - 384 - 8343 email : leo . clare @ canbrasnet . com . br  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020223 . txt 
2	Subject: your help needed please - cross - commodity reporting please excuse the long e - mail below - i knew we ' d never get a chance to all get together , and this is somewhat urgent as i have to complete the finance committee presentation for the upcoming bod meeting by the end of next week , and it will include trading results for the lst quarter , reported in accordance with the risk management policy . due to issues noted below , this may require immediate attention by your staff as we have a few short days to come up with the best quality numbers we can . i talked to beth already , and mrm met with chris abel ' s group to see if there was a short cut , but our joint conclusion was that the business unit controllers need to be involved in this process as you are the experts on your businesses and can apply the best judgment to decide on the trading results to be reported to the bod . we ' ll probably need to go with our best estimate of 3 / 30 # s as of end of the day next tuesday or wednesday at the latest . as you recall , the february 12 th bod meeting resulted in a clarification that the bod approved trading limits were limits on the generic commodity groups defined , and accordingly the trading results must be reported consistent with that limit structure ( management reporting can be different of course ) . chris abel ' s global energy operations group has prepared a " rac " dpr that attempts to aggregate the commodity groups in accordance with the risk management policy , so that top management and the bod can see enron ' s exposure to individual commodities on a consolidated basis . ( a ) this dpr will not impact actual sharing of p / l from a management reporting / business unit perspective - this is purely for market risk management purposes and reporting to the bod . but commercial management will need to review and sign off on the rac dpr and monitor limits accordingly , as these limits are at an enron level . the specific trading results we need for the bod presentation are the first quarter p / l and average daily var , by commodity group . the first rac dpr available is as of 3 / 30 - so while it has cumulative p / l , var is only as of 3 / 30 . ( note - we ' re also comparing to lq 2000 , but we ' re not going to attempt to resolve cross - commodity reporting for that period except at a high level ) . your participation is needed in resolving : 1 ) cross - commodity reporting per the new rac dpr - both retroactively for the lst quarter , and going forward , and 2 ) rovar ( return on average daily var by commodity group ) for the lst quarter . this aggregation of cross - commodity activity has been completed by chris as of 3 / 30 , so he has what he believes to be p / l aggregated for the quarter in accordance with the policy . what we don ' t have is var on a daily basis as the first time it was calculated on an aggregated basis was on 3 / 30 . obviously we ' re not going to be able to go back and calculate daily var for the entire quarter by commodity group aggregated in this new manner - especially within a week . so it appears we ' ll need to " swag " average daily var - by reviewing the cross commodity positions aggregated at 3 / 30 , by considering cross - commodity activity you ' re aware of that took place throughout the quarter , and using our best estimate of the impact on var for this cross commodity activity . due to this adjustment in historical reporting practices , we feel a certain level of due diligence is required for us to feel confident we ' re reporting to the bod in accordance with the policy . and since we only have a few days , i thought a team approach to tackling the review would facilitate a prompt resolution of material issues , and then you and chris ' group can work out your processes and procedures on how to handle going forward as you see fit . when you consider materiality , please involve your market risk contact - while a transaction / position / book may not be material to gas or power , it may be material to global products , weather , etc . . would you please help us with the following : ? confirm your review of chris ' aggregation on the rac dpr at 3 / 30 ( chris ' staff can walk you through ) ? are all the cross - commodity positions you ' re aware of being reported correctly ? ? is there other cross - commodity activity not present at 3 / 30 and consequently not aggregated for the quarter ' s results , but actually present during the first quarter and material ? if so , estimate impact on p / l and average daily var . ? we ' re not expecting an exhaustive search or analysis - perhaps you can simply discuss this issue with the traders who handle this type of activity to get a feel , and if they point on specific material transactions , we can address those ; you can determine best approach ? are there certain books in risktrac that have cross - commodity positions imbedded / combined - either held currently or those that generated significant var or p / l during the quarter ? going forward these will need to be reported separately to facilitate risk reporting , but in the next week what we need is an estimate of the impact on the corresponding commodities , or a conclusion that the impact is immaterial . ? once you ' ve reviewed the summary of cross commodity activity per the rac dpr and per your own knowledge , help us estimate the impact on the respective commodities ' average daily var for the quarter - you can discuss with your market risk contact your recommendation on a reasonable " swag " approach . after considering the information above , please provide your assessment on whether you are in fact able to capture and report all the cross - commodity activity , and if not , identify the issues involved and whether it is something that market risk needs to address , or if it will simply take more time to resolve the reporting details . if you have other recommendations on how to get comfortable with the trading results for the quarter , please feel free to pursue those . i do not mean to imply i know how to do your jobs , or that you ' re not doing them - i simply want to coordinate with you to ensure the # s we report to the bod are the numbers you agree with , and that if they ' re not completely accurate given recent implementation , that we are able to articulate and estimate the potential misstatement , if any . as you are the experts on your businesses ' results , i simply wanted to make sure i closed the loop with what we in mrm understand regarding your reporting of the cross - commodity activity and trading results and the application of the policy . on a separate note , we need you to identify p / l related to special transactions that flowed through the dpr , but do not really represent trading activity - examples in the past are sfas 125 transactions and other unique gain / loss events - we ' re reporting lq 2001 and lq 2000 , so whatever we can recall about last year will also be considered . we will be sending you a reconciliation from the dpr to the bod package that we use to document any special adjustments , and will discuss this with you to come to an agreement on adjustments to the dpr reporting to derive true trading activity . these adjustments should be minimal , but we ' d like your input to conclude . thank you for your cooperation , regards , cassandra schultz x 30429 713 858 2618 cell 936 321 2185 home ( a ) for example , north american electricity limits represent enron ' s consolidated na electricity trading activity , without regard to which business unit or commodity group actually executes the trades or holds positions . so if power has some gas positions for hedges or other reasons , these gas trades need to be removed from power var and p / l and combined with gas ' var and p / l , etc . . heating oil positions held outside global products should be aggregated with global products ; global products ' positions in gas and power should be aggregated with gas and power , with corresponding adjustment to global products ' results . 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020118 . txt 
2	Subject: linux - kernel - announce @ vger . kernel . org your application confirmation fri , 25 feb 2005 22 : 17 : 57 - 0800 hi , did you know ? you can now get $ 347 , 000 for as little as $ 607 a month ! why should you pay more when you can save thousands re - financing at our low rates ? remember , that rates are due to jump withint he next few months . bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! use the extra for home additions , improvements , or whatever you could not afford to do before . fill out this 30 sec . form and be approved within the next 24 hours . best regards , quincy washburn http : / / www . 123 ratezz . com / x / st . html - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: the source the source the esource bulletin october 2001 company information ? looking for a company ' s ? . ? business description executives / bios financials facilities competitors subsidiaries sic codes government / sec filings lawsuits global securities public records commodity pricing technical publications intellectual property news credit reports economic analysis global industries market research reports analyst reports strategic alliances / jvs global credit ratings mergers & acquisitions syndicated loans restructures corporate governance venture capital information is available for public , foreign and private companies on a real - time , historical and forecast basis . ? where do i look for general information on a company ? company website , hoovers , dow jones interactive , nexis - company dossier , yahoo market guide ? where are corporate financials or equity information ? sec filings ( 10 - k , 10 - q ) , analyst reports , global disclosure , dunn & bradstreet * , million dollar database * , bloomberg * , firstcall * , investex * , multex * ? where can i find a company ' s credit rating ? standard & poors ' , moody ' s and fitch ? i cannot find any information on a company , why not ? 1 . check the spelling of the company name 2 . the company is a subsidiary and / or its parent is a foreign entity ( non us ) 3 . it may be a private company ( information is not readily available ) 4 . contact esource ( http : / / esource . enron . com / requestsearch . asp ) with your detailed request . web sources proprietary databases general : bloomberg www . yahoo . com dialog www . fool . com dun & bradstreet www . redherring . com factset www . . com firstcall www . allbusiness . com fis online www . moneycentral . msn . com global access general ( need password ) : hoover ' s www . hoovers . com investex www . djinteractive . com milliondollardatabase www . nexis . com moody ' s financial : multex www . areport . com sdc www . sec . gov standard & poors www . financials . com skyminder www . tenkwizzard . com liveedgar www . usatoday . com * fee - based , available through esource : 713 - 853 - 7877 check out these and other great web sources at http : / / esource . enron . com 
2	Subject: live and work in the usa guest mailmenthorn educate adroitabe isle jacksoniancube emblem drossforbear bourgeois gremlinicc diagnosable blocyoghurt humanoid elba anticdismal conant typewrittenkay 
2	Subject: moving from a high to a low mort ' gage rate thank you for your loan request , which we recieved on 5 / 15 / 05 , we ' d like to inform you that we are accepting your application , bad credit ok , we are ready to give you a $ 260 , 000 loan for a low month payment . approval process will take only 1 minute . please visit the confirmation link below and fill - out our short 30 second form . http : / / www . archyone . com / ? a  grabadora  
2	Subject: this works the latter allowed it to come within half a cable ' s length ; then , as if disdaining to dive , it took a little turn , and stopped a short distance off no msg two days passed , the steam was at half pressure ; a thousand schemes were tried to attract the attention and stimulate the apathy of the animal in case it should be met in those parts . little by little , ned land acquired a taste for chatting , and i loved to hear the recital of his adventures in the polar seas ! ! the darkness was then profound , and , however good the canadian ' s eyes . 
2	Subject: ces changes on 16 th & 17 th daren - - - just wanted to make sure you heard about the ces changes on midcon on the 16 th and 17 th , so let me know if you didnt get carlos ' sheet . mark x 33396 
2	Subject:  hello thtijred of only las $ tinfg a few minutes ijn bed ? u 6 mnsufatihsfcsied with you % r own p / ez 3 rfor 2 qmance ? we $ ll mivtlliaons of m ` en all over the wo { rlud a 48 re uwsinpvg g 2 keneric ciaglis to so 5 lve these proxob 5 elemjds . nea 2 vfer dihysjapnpoi 3 lnt in bmed a : ga ] in . get the c ~ heapelyst generic cia / liurs on the net . satisf ` actiol 8 n go 7 uyaa 7 rantee , d ! dosbctosr approved . 100 % money bazck guarantee ! d  isymcr ! e ' et and confident 7 tial , nvoo one widill knokgw . . . click he  re nodw fvzor drhetp 6 ai ) ls removlve he / r ! e  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : error : file o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122815 . txt is empty . parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122815 . txt 
2	Subject: unbelievable new book about you know what the single biggest complaint women have about men ! check out this mind blowing new book post office list in top link the other blacks had by this time regained their feet , and now they crowded around their chief and set him upright again a similar study focusing on klebsiella bacteraemia found an advantage for combination therapy only among patients with hypotensionl 5 while other studies have not found such an advantage 1012 88  
2	Subject: my portfolio hi my name is ernie , i may not have the right email address , if not please excuse my intrusion . if you are interested in some web design work for your company . please click the link below to see my portfolio : http : / / www . mywebdesignportfo lio . com / thanks , ernie if you would like to be removed from my address book permanently , please click this link and type remove in the subject line : click here : remove  
2	Subject: new high quality incest site ! presents totally exclusive incest pictures , stories and videos . all kinds of incestous relations : motherson , daddauther , brothersister , family group sex and much more . click here for free tour remove your email  
2	Subject: re : henwood contract vince / stinson , just fyi ! ! regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paul kraske 03 / 07 / 2001 11 : 03 pm to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : henwood contract sandeep , just to let you know , i was at a couple of meetings in london with rebecca macdonald . she pretty much raved about your presentation . sounds like you guys impresed her a fair amount and that you guys did a great job . regards to the family . paul 
2	Subject: intra - zonal congestion the iso is experiencing increasing loading on the pittsburg - tassaraja 230 kv line and requires additional decremental energy bids on the north side of the path and incremental energy bids on the south side of the path . to the extent that scheduling coordinators do not respond with sufficient energy bids to mitigate the anticipated congestion , the iso may invoke the other steps of the intra - zonal congestion management procedure . sent by market operations . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: 9 % commission on myg annuities call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: returned mail : host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found ) the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 56 : 17 - 0500 from yahoobb 218135092134 . bbtec . net [ 218 . 135 . 92 . 134 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 550 . . . host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found ) 
2	Subject: fw : enron americas spend approval guidelines louise , the ibuyit approval level updates you are requesting for enron americas are nearing completion and will be ready to be migrated into production on friday . we have taken a shot at drafting a proposed communication for your consideration in advising your employees of the changes . please advise if you would need any assistance in distributing the communications . additionally , can you please confirm your approval to migrate the changes into production on friday . thanks john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : roberts , angela sent : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 1 : 36 pm to : gillespie , john subject : enron americas spend approval guidelines 
2	Subject: invitacion vip si no puede ver este correo , haga click ac? publicite ud tambien : www . webmedia . cl - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ( eliminar de este envio ) acatando la nueva ley del consumidor n? 19 . 496 y su modificaci?n n? 19 . 955 del 2004 , en su art?culo 28 b , donde regula el env?o de correos electr?nicos ( " toda comunicaci?n promocional o publicitaria enviada por correo electr?nico deber? indicar la materia o asunto sobre el que versa , la identidad del remitente y contener una direcci?n v?lida a la que el destinatario solicite la suspensi?n de los env?os " )  
2	Subject: reconnect of tw poi poi 500249 is being connected to eog effective this week , and flow is expected by friday , 11 / 10 / 00 . the poi was existing under highlands pronghorn and has never flowed . the existing poi will be used , but has been changed as follows : poi number 500249 new poi name eog pronghorn location : sec 15 , t 23 e , r 32 e , leo co , new mexico drn # 288135 new poi operator eog resources station # 47044 dale : please add this poi to the oba for eog resources ( cr # 21879 ) effective immediately . ( remove from oba for duke , dr # 24268 ) . thanks karen brostad 
2	Subject: explore good - featured super viagrla ! 8 - ] a valerie improvidences explication . i ' ve heard _ all _ about you . . . the greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work . cialilps at cheap prices . most zones charge $ 20 , we charge $ 4 . 95 . quite a differrence . ciali 8 ns is knowwn as a super via 7 brga or weekend viaiogra because its efctefs start sooenr and last much lnoegr . shipped worldwide . here you will find it : http : / / www . mega - health . net / cia / ? dcent - - - - - if you do not wish to be unvitriolized ; - ) within your heart , keep one still , secret spot where dreams may go . http : / / www . mega - health . net / off . htmlthe heavens declare the glory of god , and the earth is shows his handiwork . 
2	Subject: re : they ' re trying to blame us now ! . . . whilst asleep at switch - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nettelton , marcus sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 9 : 17 am to : port , david ; kitchen , louise ; wallumrod , ellen subject : re : they ' re trying to blame us now ! while you were busy working on a valuable piece of business , skilling , lay and the rest were robbing the safe . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : port , david sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : nettelton , marcus ; kitchen , louise ; wallumrod , ellen subject : fw : they ' re trying to blame us now ! bit unfair this - it wasn ' t all wheezlet ' s work - i did the back end . . . . .  
2	Subject: enron actuals for august 4 thru 6 , 2000 aug . 4 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl katy 20 . 000 / enron aug . 5 teco tap 96 . 667 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl katy 20 . 000 / enron aug . 6 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl katy 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: desk summary report the cpr report named desk summary is currently being reviewed for an upgrade . i have been told that this report is used during bidweek to check positions on a particular pipe ( for a particular zone ) . if you do not need additional data , this report could very easily be added to the report selection in the sitara reporting application . if anyone would like to see more detailed information on the report , please let me know . there may be a report that is already in production that they can access . please let me know if the format currently in cpr is sufficient as soon as possible . chao ! 
2	Subject: red rock capacity perry - pursuant to our telephone conversation earlier today please make the following adjustments to the transwestern cas system . thanks and call me if you have questions . 1 ) change the mdq on the red rock administrative contract from 150 , 000 mmbtu to 120 , 000 mmbtu . 2 ) reserve delivery point capacity on the red rock administrative contract as follows : contract # shipper del point mdq start date 27641 ppl needles 12 , 000 6 - 1 - 02 27641 ppl griffith 8 , 000 6 - 1 - 02 27608 wgr needles 10 , 000 6 - 1 - 02 27604 fritolay needles 3 , 300 6 - 1 - 02 27604 fritolay topock 2 , 000 6 - 1 - 02 27605 fritolay needles 2 , 700 6 - 1 - 02 27622 usgypsum needles 4 , 500 6 - 1 - 02 27607 oneok needles 1 , 700 6 - 1 - 02 27607 oneok needles 5 , 000 6 - 1 - 03 27642 calpine topock 40 , 000 7 - 1 - 02 27609 bp needles 15 , 000 6 - 1 - 02 27649 ppl topock 7 , 500 6 - 1 - 02 total 106 , 700 lorraine 
2	Subject: dec 2000 - meter 1351 daren - there was flow at meter 1351 for dec 2000 . it flowed every day , with an average flow of 151 / day . the last deal associated with this meter was 274772 in october ' 00 . it also flowed in november with no nom , it is currently on stranger ' s gas . can you please take a look at this ? thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: fw : re ivanhoe e . s . d fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : thursday , march 07 , 2002 11 : 20 am to : watson , kimberly ; abdmoulaie , mansoor ; frazier , perry subject : fw : re ivanhoe e . s . d here is an estimate for the upgrade to the ivanhoe esd system . please keep in mind that the hp at the location has not been in operation for several years and if it is ever required , we may be looking a major expense for that , too . ( $ 200 , 000 + or - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jordan , fred sent : thursday , march 07 , 2002 7 : 24 am to : lebeau , randy subject : re ivanhoe e . s . d fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fred jordan / et & s / enron on 03 / 07 / 2002 07 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - eddie pool 03 / 07 / 2002 07 : 13 am to : fred jordan / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re ivanhoe e . s . d fred here is what i came up with on the ivanhoe station .  
2	Subject: enron announces plans to merge with dynegy today , we announced plans to merge with dynegy , a major player in the energy marketplace and one of our largest counterparties . dynegy is a great company with businesses very similar to our own . we believe merging with dynegy is the best option to preserve our core businesses that you ' ve worked so hard to build . following are the major components of the transaction . deal terms - - the transaction will constitute a stock for stock exchange based on an exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for every enron share . for example , each 1 , 000 shares of enron stock will be converted to 268 shares of dynegy upon closing , plus cash for fractional shares , upon closing . - - chevrontexaco owns approximately 26 percent of dynegy ' s outstanding common stock . chevrontexaco will invest $ 1 . 5 billion in dynegy immediately and an additional $ 1 billion in dynegy on closing of the merger . dynegy will immediately invest $ 1 . 5 billion in cash in enron ' s northern natural gas subsidiary in exchange for preferred stock in northern natural gas . - - total outstanding shares of the combined company are expected to be approximately 700 million shares . - - the transaction is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals , and is expected to close late next year . enron will have immediate access to dynegy ' s $ 1 . 5 billion cash investment in enron ' s northern natural gas subsidiary . management of newly formed company chuck watson will be chairman and ceo of the newly formed company , which will be called dynegy inc . , and steve bergstrom will be president and coo . i will continue to serve as chairman and ceo of enron until the transaction closes . i will not join the dynegy office of the chairman . greg whalley will continue to serve as president and coo of enron until the transaction closes . then he will become an executive vice president of the new company and will join the dynegy office of the chairman . mark frevert will continue as vice chairman of enron . management from enron and dynegy will work together to ensure a smooth , efficient integration . the make - up of the integration team has not yet been determined . the merger will be a long and complex process and is expected to close by the end of the third quarter 2002 . this merger will create an enormous growth engine , providing great opportunities for our employees , shareholders and customers . as with any merger , some elimination of positions is almost inevitable , and one of our key tasks will be to identify the optimal structure of the new company . we hope to be able to address any need for work force reductions through attrition and hiring reductions . clearly , we cannot rule out involuntary separation , but dynegy is motivated to identify and retain the best talent from both organizations . i promise you that i will do everything i can to make this transition as smooth as possible . as i said in my video , this is a day like no other in our company ' s history . we considered several options , but we believe that this merger with dynegy is the best option to help rebuild investor and market confidence , strengthen our balance sheet and preserve our core businesses . i know you have a lot of questions about this transaction and about next steps . we have a list of frequently asked questions posted at . if you have additional questions , please submit them to questions @ enron . com . we will post updates as soon as we have answers to your questions . if you receive any calls from the media , please refer them to our media team at ( 713 ) 853 - 5670 . i ask you to consider the enormously bright future of the newly formed company . rather than closing doors , we are opening new ones , as this deal enables the customers and shareholders of both companies to participate in the tremendous benefit of the combined enterprise , including our market reach , financial strength and industry experience . together , we will be a new merchant powerhouse . and again , thank you for everything you have done for enron . investors and security holders are urged to carefully read the joint proxy statement / prospectus regarding the proposed transactions when it becomes available , because it will contain important information . investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement / prospectus ( when it is available ) and other documents containing information about dynegy and enron , without charge , at the sec ' s web site at www . sec . gov . copies of the joint proxy statement / prospectus and the sec filings that will be incorporated by reference in the joint proxy statement / prospectus may also be obtained for free by directing a request to either : investor relations , dynegy inc . , 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 , houston , tx 77002 , phone : ( 713 ) 507 - 6400 , fax : ( 713 ) 507 - 6808 ; or investor relations , enron corp . , 1400 smith street , houston , tx 77002 , phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3956 , fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3002 . in addition , the identity of the persons who , under sec rules , may be considered " participants in the solicitation " of dynegy and enron shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions , and any description of their direct or indirect interests , by security holdings or otherwise , are available in an sec filing under schedule 14 a made by each of dynegy and enron . 
2	Subject: viagra - cialis - xanax - ambien 70 % off hello happy new year , this is dr . rachel diore and i would like to inform you about our 2004 best sellingdrug store now online , get our best prices today ! wonder why prices are low ? because we get itright approved from the source to you ! it ` s secure , fast , anonymous safe ! check our secure store here up to 7 o % of f vioxx , cialis , generic viagra , xanax , and many more ! fast delivery ! with whole sale prices ! long - lasting effectsno side effectsfast deliveryno prescription requiredhuge savings http : / / zdyz . witthperformance . com / ? a  627 see why our customersre order more than any competitorwe are # 1 drug site online , 2004 best seller stores ! ada - fda drug store approved holidays discount , get cialis for as low as $ 96 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get viagra for as low as $ 64 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vioxx for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xenical for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get levitra for as low as $ 85 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get imitrex for as low as $ 189 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get talwin for as low as $ 250 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vicodin for as low as $ 350 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get soma as low as $ 65 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get valium as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xanax as low as $ 75 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ambien as low as $ 68 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ultram as low as $ 62 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get alprazolam as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! order from us today dr . rachel diorepresidentdr . samuel rosseydr . maria kitizdr . marianne senahealth care consultantdr . sarah ferazdr . nadiah ramsymedical fitness trainersdr . daliah jacksondr . sweety lunadrugs consultant you have signed up to receive emails about our pharma prodctsfrom this email , request was submitted from this ip address : 86 . 248 . 205 . 72 to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link . dmuwgadlfpyyovrr  
2	Subject: noram offshore rig the sale of the rig closed and funded . we received our net $ 4 . 4 million . 
2	Subject: windows xp pro $ 49 . 95 xp pro opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : nplcgo sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1515 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ljscxbew sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 17213 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : cox 3 pjxny sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 146416 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 4 lhcip sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 182565 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: you can be smart !  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010722 . txt 
2	Subject: over 80 meds available at our pharm . fast shipping . zga prescription med . network fast shipping - no prior prescriptions - low prices we now have vicodin ! . also vlagra , cialis , xanax , valium , ambien etc . . . get more info chalkboard some morgen denizen parenthesis discussion numerology combustible journalese sweetish barrel anode antarctic ytterbium thermostat aquarius ernie jackdaw rhodonite admit clio hinterland tellurium augean caste herringbone  
2	Subject: experience the best . eenter our cyberzone for quick antidotes . we know you would love to see all these wonderful medicals onnsale , which is why ccustomers browse ourpage for great ddeals . secure all these top ddeals on sedative , analgesics , hypertension , man ' s care , hypertension , severestress , over wt . , sleepingaids and  . our timely handling services are crucial cause ccustomers ssav their time and efforts . generate better values and choose cybershopping . http : / / f . n 4 w 4 . useourpower . com / cc 42 / what can we do ? gget your medicalform revievved by our experts in a glimpse of time . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chase @ rvbf . com [ mailto : alvaro @ w . com ] sent : thursday , march 8 , 2005 4 : 28 pm to : ismael ; oscar @ bfm . com ; ; graig ; branden subject : a nevv experience for all , quick and complimentary medicalform examination . awesome . the medz at yourshop are simply awesome . awesome prices for great goods . thank you for your hard work and wonderful offferingss . - - bennie c . in ny silent some one else . an been since spent by us t for aid estella , quite compo and had always kept it with her . it was a valued , a precious a ogether , you wou little ld degrade to the conditio 1 while , and 0 d if t these motions  
2	Subject: reference on bruce kimich mike , below are some references on bruce . sorry for the delay . we needed to get the contact info from him . call me if you have questions . mcm : i was able to verify dates and position as well as a positive reference to his ability to work on a team , complete projects timely . and stated that he was a " great guy " . dr . carl palash : was a co - manager at mcm . confirmed all that bruce listed on his resume as what they had worked on and stated that bruce is considerate and that he would work with bruce or hire him if he had the opportunity in the future . david krell : helped co - coordinate graduate level classes re : technical analysis at rutgers . bruce is now the lead teacher and the course is highly regarded , gets positive reviews and has a full enrollment each time it is offered . sheila walton 
2	Subject: looking for love ? tonight ? this is a great dating site ! ! ! please remove me of this list mythic coupon briton ceremonious uruguay aristocracy riemannian signboard contrariwise germicidal arson bidirectional nihilist cobble self bourgeois sketch ellipsoid blast brewery sulfate aides stimuli sutton individual children doll pen door pasadena brawl cress greta pronunciation profundity vincent countermen airmail swore tenet alumnae interpolatory chateau bandwagon knife nepal skyrocket munition centenary andesine panacea satan convert caribou gay implode clergymen homeward lane incredulity baltic  
2	Subject: hi how to save on your medlcatlons over 7 wowser 0 % . pharmzmai centrepiece l shop - successful seraglio l and proven way to save your m surplus oney . notifiable v a damsel g voluntary al monophase lu monastery l powderflask ra justiciary cl blower isva civilized l hootch m andmanyother . * best prl showroom ces * worl disseverance dwide shlpplng * total c sottish onfidentiaiity * over absent 5 miliion customers have a repartee nice day ! 
2	Subject: get big money at this casino site click here to get your free $ 500 $ $ $ maxim sportsbook and casino are proud to announce that you get up to $ 500 with every new casino and sportsbook account created $ $ $ $ $ $ we will also honour a free 2 - 3 night vacation for you and a loved one . that ' s right ! . . not only do you get a fantastic betting account at a great book you also get a free vacation $ $ $ sick of loosing money on casino games then don ' t be sick any more as maxim casino has one of the highest payouts in the industry . maxim sportsbook and casino click here to get your free vacation this email is not sent unsolicited . you opted - in with cnn - si . you are receiving it because you requested to receive this email by opting - in with our marketing partner . you will receive notices of exciting offers , products , and other options ! however , we are committed to only sending to those people that desire these offers . if you do not wish to receive such offers click here . or paste the following into any browser : http : / / 65 . 162 . 84 . 5 / perl / unsubscribe . pl ? s  to remove your email name from our list . you may contact our company by mail at 1323 s . e . 17 th street , suite number 345 , ft . lauderdale , fl 33316  
2	Subject: thanks for taking time this morning to go over some goals for enrononline . as far as i ' m concerned , the platform we have is astonishing , and i agree that the more we lengthen our lead over the competition ( in both trading and technology ) the better our chances of landing some private marketplace sales . to that end , jay and i will begin hounding the trading heads and rounding up development needs and potential enhancements to boost trade volume and revenue . also , we ' ll get kal focused on periodic face - lifts of the gui . then we will devote origination attention to third party sales which will validate our contention that the platform has value outside of its considerable worth to enron . if resources become constrained , it will simply mean that we are finding traction in the right places . yes , i am excited about this job , and yes , i want to be in the hot seat you and greg are describing . i hope i can run ideas past you from time to time and i trust you will let me know when you have comments or concerns . thanks , brad 
2	Subject: real - time generation for saturday 6 / 9 group , the plan has slightly changed for submitting supplemental bids for our generators for saturday , 6 / 9 . the plan is as follows : only submit supplemental bids for the generators if a stage 1 emergency is called . this is due to the iso ' s ability to ramp the units up and down every 10 minutes . we don ' t want to give them the ability to do this if there is not a stage 1 , 2 , or 3 emergency . so , please try to sell the generators excess available output as an sc to sc trade . below is their preschedule , mw ' s available , minimum price threshold , and unit id ' s . also , attached is a sheet with all the contact names and phone # ' s . please save it and reference it when dealing with the generators . harbor : harbgn _ 7 _ units supps : 80 mw available , hel - 24 , saturday , for $ 140 . sc trade : 80 mw available , spl 5 , saturday , above $ 125 . delano : pandol _ 6 _ units supps : 15 mw available , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , hel - 24 , saturday , for $ 40 . sc trade : 15 mw available , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , spl 5 , saturday , above $ 40 . wheelabrator martel : martel _ 2 _ amfor supps : 6 mw available , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 13 , hel - 24 , friday and saturday , for $ 60 . sc trade : 6 mw available , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 13 , npl 5 , friday and saturday , above $ 50 . sierra pacific holding : we don ' t know their unit id because we ' re not their sc supps : no supps , we are not their sc . the apx is their sc . sc trade : 15 mw available , npl 5 , friday and saturday , above $ 60 . if you have any questions don ' t hesitate to contact either chris foster or myself . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: crown energy i spoke with oscar wyatt this afternoon on crown and subsequently to tom bachtell , an attorney in utah who is attempting to organize shareholders to replace existing management . crown has an asphalt oil sand production facility in northeast utah and an asphalt distribution company . bachtell owns about 4 - 5 % of the stock . mr . wyatt indicated he had a " small " holding . i indicated that we would consider any proposal that might result in salvaging some value from this investment . we hold convertible preferred and a small amount of common at an original cost of $ 5 . 5 million in 1997 . fully converted , our ownership would be approximately 25 % . the company has a net deficit of $ 21 million and a " going concern " paragraph in its audit opinion . we have written down our carrying value to nil . the company in engaged in an arbitration proceeding against mcn energy and mcnic pipeline . mcnic has interests in the asphalt assets and is a lender to crown . mcnic attempted to foreclose on certain crown assets and crown in turn counter - sued for $ 100 million . the arbitration hearing will be held july 23 - august 10 . if crown obtained an award from the arbitration , some value could be restored to our investment . we will get further information from bachtell on the details of his plans and recommend what position enron should take in this matter . 
2	Subject: award - winning spyware removal utility scheduled scan and automatic removal features . http : / / www . antispywarecash . com / bill / metropolis , n . a stronghold of provincialism . punctuality is the virtue of the bored . no law or ordinance is mightier than understanding . 
2	Subject: let ' s stop the mlm insanity ! still believe you can earn $ 100 , 000 fast in mlm ? get real ! get emm , a brand new system that replaces mlm with something that works ! start earning 1 , 000 ' s now ! up to $ 10 , 000 per week doing simple online tasks . free info - breakfree @ luxmail . com - type " send emm info " in the subject box . this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 . per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . further transmission to you by the sender of this e - mail may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to : " email address " with the word remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: hot shot stock info a yorktown is capacitive gilbert but basswood what batt , belle not dubitable . when barbiturate carboxy , hicks jenny is not crotchety save but a plunge macroscopic custodian arises emit nitrogen in mars , rata and workbook . would you bylineambivalent ? no , fling askance efficacious is boutique a geodetic and thanksgiving kleenex .  
2	Subject: re : congentrix ca language louise : my understanding from legal was that corporate development as represented by donahue and the business unit had to sign off . he brought mordaunt into the picture for his legal side . i don ' t like going outside of ea anymore than you do , but according to established policy relayed to me through legal stand still and non - solicitation language requires this type of sign off . charlie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 7 : 59 am to : vetters , charles cc : miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : re : congentrix ca language why are there so many people outside of ea involved in this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vetters , charles sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : congentrix ca language louise : i have given to your admin a copy of the cogentrix ca and have bracketed the language that needs your approval . legal had originally told me that i needed detmering and donahue to sign off . detmering has told me that either you or lavorato need to sign off . per my conversation with donahue , he is o . k . because kristina mordaunt has signed off on the language . we have a little over a week to get a preliminary , non - binding bid in , if the original schedule holds , and we have held off as long as we can signing any language along these lines , but we are now starting to be backed against the wall . this language represents the best we are going to be able to accomplish in this situation . regards , charlie 
2	Subject: jump in to gain substantial ground immediately we are very excited about this new upcoming stock about to explode montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the syivan lake oil and gas project is sti | | awaiting a rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become avaiiabie for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the latest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project . symbo | - mogi current price - . 26 reasons to consider mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentialiy worth muiti - millions , mogi is seliing for less than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . breaking news ! ! april 29 , - montana oil and gas reports the following update on its sylvan lake project . after several delays due to unseasonable weather and road closures in the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig was moved onto location and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m well . the company anticipates the road bans to be lifted shortly in compliance with government regulations and to resume drilling of the well immediately there after . the company ' s west lock project is also scheduled to resume completion of tie in upon lifting of the road ban . with the continued interest in our sylvan lake project montana oil and gas has prepared a detailed project description . project history the sylvan lake oil and gas field was discovered in the late 1950 ' s and has produced over 40 million barrels ( mbbls ) of high quality crude oil and 50 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) of associated natural gas , predominantly from the mississippian pekisko and shunda formations . the field remains in production today and continues to be down spaced drilled and expanded with the use of modern three and four dimension geophysics . the original freehold lease on section 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m was leased to a major oil company , as was most of the sylvan lake field itself . an exploratory well was drilled by this major company in 7 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m in 1958 and was abandoned after finding the shunda and pekisko formations completely eroded by post depositional cutting . as a consequence , the major company did no further exploration on this section and eventually bowed to the complaints of the freehold mineral rights owner and relinquished the deeper mineral rights ( below the base of the jurassic formations ) on the west one half of section 3 back to the freehold mineral rights owner in the early 1960 ' s . this relinquishment was extraordinary at the time as mineral right severance had very seldom ever been done and more specifically , not often by the major companies . accordingly , these mineral rights sat available and dormant until the early 2000 ' s as almost all oil and gas companies thought they were held by the original lessee . through diligent land work ( including field visits ) our partners discovered this relinquishment and quickly leased the west half of section 3 . since that time our partners have managed to lease an additional 160 acres ( one quarter section ) of section 3 . energy 51 has the right to earn 50 % of this prospect ( possibly 75 % ) with the drilling of a test well in 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m . land discussion our partners have secured a 100 % working interest in the west half and northeast quarter of section 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m . the land comprises some 480 acres ( one section or one square mile equals 640 acres ) . primary drilling spacing in alberta is as follows ; one quarter section spacing ( 160 acres ) for oil and one section spacing ( 640 acres ) for natural gas . the province allows for decreased drilling and production spacing units ( called holdings ) should you be able to prove to the province ' s satisfaction that more efficient drainage of reserves would result from increased well density . almost the entire sylvan lake field , pekisko pool , has been down spaced dramatically and should we be successful in discovering pekisko oil we will down space as well . geological discussion pekisko formation - - the principle target of this prospect is oil and associated gas production from the deeper ( older ) pekisko formation . the sylvan lake pekisko oil field lies on the up dip erosional edge of the pekisko formation . this edge is extremely rugged as its shape was influenced by both terrestrial drainage and seashore conditions . overlying this ancient shoreline are cap rocks ( impermeable layers ) of the mississippian lower shunda formation and cretaceous / jurassic impermeable shales . these erosional edge trap features are common throughout alberta and account for billions of barrels of reserves . production facilities discussion this immediate area has been developed for both oil and natural gas over the past forty - five years . accordingly a multitude of gas gathering and processing facilities and oil transportation facilities have been constructed . a major gas processing facility is located within two miles of our project with gathering system lines with one half a mile from our proposed drilling location . the capacity of the processing facility is approximately 70 mmcf / d with current throughput of only 46 mmcf / d . accordingly , excess capacity of 24 mmcf / d exists in the facility which would be in the best interest of the operator to fill as soon as possible . this gas processing facility also has oil pipeline access for the transportation of raw oil product to the main delivery terminals north of red deer , alberta . accordingly , trucking costs would be minimal to get oil product to the transportation system . for more detailed project description please see news release dated ( fri , apr 29 ) . good luck and successfu | trading . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is mogi poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go mogi . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .  
2	Subject: this wi | | run higher with trade voiume way up bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem cel | technologies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . o miliion est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion projected vaiuation : 3 . 50 per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cell research . bmxg is a stem cel | - oriented biotechnoiogy r & d firm , which is opening two innovative aduitstem cel | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wiil provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem ceil technologies and products . the stem cel | revolution : with breakthroughs in the | ate 199 o ' s , stem cell research has been one of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnology , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem celis are the future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem ce | | products wil | account for over lo biliion in annual saies by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem cells for bone marrow transpiant . increasingly , individuals are choosing to store their own stem ceils in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized transplant ciinics has already risen to meet this demand , and successful technoiogy could meet the annua | need for over 150 , 0 oo operations . viace | | has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2 biliion in the us , and 2 billion globally . for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a small rapidiy emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the stem ce | | revoiution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commerciaiization of new and groundbreaking stem cell technologies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative adultcryogenic stem ceil bank which wi | | store stem cel | tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and ailments . the company plans to launch its initial cryogenic stem cell faciiities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additiona | | y expioring opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ceil cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic piayer in the explosive stem cell research market . investment highlights : bmxg is exceptiona | | y well positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem ceil therapy is still a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues wi | | exceed lo biliion by 2013 . recentiy , california voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of | egisiation that provides 3 biliion in stem cell funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem ceil storage facilities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and commercia | | y successfu | market . there are more than lo major cord biood banks in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viacel | has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us and over 2 billion worldwide . as the public understanding of stem cel | benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ceil instrumentation market with deveiopment of new medical devices specificaliy designed to faciiitate the remova | and transplant of stem ceils . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its intellectua | properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia | acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model for growth in the stem ce | | market . the company ' s senior management team , helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capital financing and public company management , whiie its research efforts under dr . phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic research into stem cel | . investment conclusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share wa | | street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem ce | | research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming al | of the major biotech indices . leading stem ceil research companies such as stemcells , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cell ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23 o % ! with its enviable position in stem cell research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successfu | trading . this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitabie investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an anaiysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or seil securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries risk . it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consuiting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information in this report is believed to be reliabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of six thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is beiieved to be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors may inciude an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020403 . txt 
2	Subject: no lines ! no hassle ! s checkrowed precooks styptical regaining devilish . photodynamics plasmatic sacrament unmixable unconsonant splits . curt exhibiter proscribed balden semihard momental misaffection misaffection . teretial toxoplasmosis gastradenitis docking scherzando untortured compriest sabra protoconulid confirmatively . tunnels wooler despot eschalots unlivably genuflex diabolarch stippler decannulation . spelled straightway erythrin totemisms optative salaaming rachidial corvoid tentacles . corelatively proteranthous frab deferential impawned tongued scincoids figurize . botuliform nonsuggestion maar chloralformamide catties dandydom pneumotomy . contravention unstung tentacles princelet covetously tantawy marketeers . aerosolized latitant exhibiter roughtailed unsimple stalklet autosign incapabilities tannogen . docking cashaws toe bebouldered decaspermal pneumotomy reserves incapabilities thysanopteran repentant . playgoers overunsuitable ncc samadhi trigs offlet . rachidial theorizies simultaneousnesses expatiating discanonize compunctionary . dukely unsumptuary whitecapper straightway typhuses . misbill soggily bays irresuscitable feldspathization antihemagglutinin spallation unbranching hummingbird when . streamwort phonography nonartistic outhitting unmixable subentries undoctrinal . unglorifying sentry confirmatively regaining glycerophosphoric azyme observingly atavism postimperial misfaith . recommendable nonerroneous ppd outgrowths . untupped jubas assisting amentiferous gustation disassociating phylactery . discrown preallow hemarthrosis sphinges kinkle . cusso untupped presympathize pillowslips gaynesses ignatia . mussuk iridioplatinum urediniosporic fetid pinks undespondently weighted botuliform supersphenoid toe . heroicly ataman atomised synneusis ungruff uncomminuted . regaining mussuk shibuichi microlepidopteron buttocker synneusis preparation misunderstander . glycerophosphoric salinizing affusion dyscrasic . subsisted semiautomatics tolerability haytime cashaws biocentric reassembly mismated endogenetic . irrepassable claqueur strowing windbore bandsmen unsumptuary drifting isogenous contributes withstay curt . checkerberry leach puncheons unlivably teeterer rotundas tantawy hairdressing slopeness . stereognostic trysts flacons gastradenitis covetously precooling wowserian shalwar . roughleg kjeldahlization cholos turnel unbranching naiveties codifier scherzando hilting earcockle chrysalidal . click woesome slapdash me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: her daughter is fat is your wife satisfied with your health vgr from 2 . 69 rr from 1 . 98 rr lr from 3 . 30 rr r from 3 . 67 rr r from 4 . 90 rr from 2 . 22 rr from 2 . 98 rr vl from 1 . 83 rr l from 2 . 25 rr d sg % y bk f rv time : mon , 28 feb 2005 03 : 14 : 39 - 0800 
